SacreBLEU: BLEU = 51.70 100.0/71.4/50.0/20.0 (BP = 1.000 ratio = 1.000 hyp_len = 8 ref_len = 8) 
NLTK BLEU: 0.8296744265923236 
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0. 
The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
The location of Adirondack Regional Airport is Harrietstown, New York. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L. 
Infraero is the operating organisation for Afonso Pena International Airport. 
Agra Airport is located in Agra. 
The Al Taqaddum Air Base is elevated 84 metres above sea level. 
The city of Alderney is served by the Alderney Airport. 
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L. 
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0. 
The 1/19 is the name of the 1/19 airport. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews County, Texas. 
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas. 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29. 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is "Helipad". 
The city of Luanda serves the city of Luanda. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
The mayor of Athens is Giovannis Kaminis. 
The location of Athens International Airport is Spata. 
The German language is spoken in Belgium. 
The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium. 
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen. 
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
The leader of the Flemish region is the Flemish Government. 
The language of Greece is Greek. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's headquarters are the Four World Trade Center. 
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain. 
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States. 
The South Jersey Transportation Authority's Chief is Stephen Dilts. 
Aaron Bertram began his career in 1998. 
Aaron Deer is associated with the musical artist The Horns of Happiness. 
Aaron Turner's genre is Avant-garde metal. 
Aaron Turner's genre is Black metal. 
Aaron Turner is from Boston. 
The musical artist of Abradab is Magik. 
Abradab is a solo singer. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982. 
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. 
Agustín Barboza is signed to Philips Records. 
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger. 
Albuennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Kornnelije Kovač. 
Aleksandra Kovac's background is solo singer. 
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is soul music. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa's genre is Milonga. 
The record label of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Movieplay. 
Alison O'Donnell began his career in 1963. 
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music. 
The record label of ander Osborne is Alligator Records. 
The record label of anders Osborne is Shanachie Records. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist,Jwaydan Moyine. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. 
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock. 
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción. 
The location of Deram Records is London. 
Funk's musical fusion genre is Afrobeat. 
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music. 
Jazz has its stylistic origins in Blues. 
The RCA Records is distributed by Legacy Recordings. 
The band Twilight is a black metal band. 
The people of the United Kingdom are known as British people. 
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Alan Shepard died in California. 
William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11. 
The Apollo 14 was operated by NASA. 
The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA. 
Buzz Aldrin is from the United States. 
Elliot See was a test pilot. 
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook 'em. 
Thechairman of A.C. Milan is Silvivio Berlusconi. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. 
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team. 
Abner plays for C.D. FAS. 
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikou, Morocco. 
Adam Maher was born in Diemen. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C. 
Akeem Ayers is a linebacker. 
Akeem Priestley plays for the FK Mughan club. 
Akeem Priestley played for the Jacksonville Dolphins youth team. 
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born inBaghdad. 
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. 
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays in the National Hockey League. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba. 
Alex Plante is 1.9304m tall. 
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba. 
The country of Budapest isHungary. 
Inuktitut is the language of Canada. 
The Columbus Blue Jackets are located in the city of Columbus, Ohio. 
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny. 
FC Tom Tomsk plays in the Russian Football National League. 
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valerery Petrakov. 
The general manager of the Florida Panthers is Dale Tallon. 
The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is Zan Tabak. 
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. 
The manager of Penarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. 
Point Fortin is located in the country of Trinidad. 
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. 
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row. 
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983. 
200 Public Square was completed in 1985. 
20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 and was started in January 2009. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom. 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors. 
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena. 
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge. 
The building of Adare Manor was started in 1700. 
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th of September 2013. 
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business. 
B V Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904. 
The postcode area of Birmingham is the postcode area. 
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois. 
The country of Dublin is the Republic of Ireland. 
The city of Dublin is part of Leinster. 
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India. 
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan. 
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan. 
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International. 
The language of Republic of Ireland is English. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa. 
London is the capital of the United Kingdom. 
The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans. 
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States. 
Carl A Wirtanen discovered the 290075 1950 DA. 
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 2597767002.47055 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013. 
The perapsis of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 29919600000.0. 
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec. 
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 kelvins. 
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla. 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per sec. 
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0. 
The escape velocity of1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per sec. 
The mass of1099 Figneria is 2.7 kg. 
109 Felicitas has a perapsis of 283326000000.0. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
The perapsis of1101 Clematis is445895000000.0. 
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
110 Lydia has a perapsis of 3770160000000.0. 
N.R. Pogson is a national of England. 
The area code of Abilene, Texas is 325. 
Abilene is part of Texas. 
The leader of Albany, Georgia is the Mayor. 
The total area of Albany, Oregon is 45.97 square kilometres. 
Albanny, Oregon is in the United States. 
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate. 
The Albuquerque City Council is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States. 
The area code of Anaheim, California is 657. 
The city of Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. 
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. 
The leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan is the City Administrator. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 metres above sea level. 
The 11th State Assembly District is the leader of Antioch, California. 
The elevation of Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana. 
Auburn is part of Alabama. 
California is in the United States. 
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Georgia is in the United States. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis. 
Lee County, Alabama is in the state of Alabama. 
The capital of New Jersey is Trentton. 
Potter County is in Texas. 
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States. 
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan. 
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny. 
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman. 
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby. 
The TV series Bananaman was broadcast by STV. 
The first aired on the 3rd of October 1983, is bananaman. 
Bill Oddie starred in bananaman. 
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6. 
Bill Everett was awarded the Eisner Award. 
The birth of Bill Oddie is Kate Hardie. 
Dan Mishkin was the creator of the comic character,Bolt. 
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard. 
John Buscema was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Cármen Lúcia is the leader of Brazil. 
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media. 
The company GMA New Media produces World Wide Web. 
The media company GMA New Media is a media company. 
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38. 
The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal is GMA New Media. 
The Pangasinense people are an ethnic group in the Philippines. 
Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines. 
The European Parliament constituency is the name of Swords, Dublin. 
The County Manager is the leader of Swords, Dublin. 
The United States is the long name of the United States of America. 
Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco. 
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil. 
Arem-arem is a nationwide in Indonesia but more specific to Java. 
The region of Indonesia is the region of Arem-arem. 
The main ingredients of Arrobbita sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre. 
The ingredient of Arros negre is Squid. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea. 
Ayam penyet is served hot. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. 
The Bakewell tart is a traditional dish that is a traditional dish. 
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso. 
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa. 
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International. 
The dish Barny Cakes can be added to the dish of chopped. 
Barny cakes have 1.8g of protein. 
The country of Batchoy is in the Philippines. 
The chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy. 
The Batchoy is a dish that contains vegetables. 
Binignit is from the Visayas region. 
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales. 
The dish cake is a dish that can be varied by being served as a dessert. 
Ice cream is a dish that can be served as a dessert. 
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. 
Italians live in Italy. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java. 
Lemon is a member of the Rosids order. 
The people of Mexico are called Mexicans. 
The language of Mexico is Spanish. 
The language of the Philippines is Arabic. 
Shumai is a dish that can be served as a dish of Siomay. 
The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans. 
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet. 
The 1955 Dodge has a cubic inches engine. 
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. 
The AIDAluna began its active years on March 22, 2009. 
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship. 
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft. 
The christening date of the AIDAstella is March 16th 2013. 
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17, 2013. 
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine. 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems. 
The AMC Matador and the AMC Ambassador are related means of transport. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was completed in 1958. 
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine. 
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine. 
The Acura TLX has a transmission of 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a executive car. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 and theFiat Croma are related means of transport. 
Alhambra's maiden voyage was on the 7th of July,1855. 
The ship beam of Alhambra is 8.3 m. 
Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52. 
The final flight of the rocket Antares was on the 28th of October 2014. 
Themaiden flight ofAriane 5 was on August 11th 2005. 
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airbus Defence and Space. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States. 
The final flight of the Atlas II was on March 16, 1998. 
The Audi e-tron is a division of Audi. 
The Audi A1 was assembled in the Audi Brussels. 
The company Caterpillar Inc was founded in California. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. 
Caterpillar Inc is located in Peoria, Illinois. 
The launch site of Delta II was Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
The language of Finland is the Smi languages. 
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich. 
The headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre are in Kouurou, French Guiana. 
Honda is in the division of Acura. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
The location of Meyer Werft is Germany. 
The location of Meyer Werft is Papenburg. 
The architect of the Ataturk Monument (İzmir) was Pietro Canonica. 
The bronze monument in Izmir is made of bronze. 
The leader of Azerbaijan isArtur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble. 
Aaron S Daggett's Award is Purple Heart. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud is in the Kota Samarahan region. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in the Nigerian Army. 
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II. 
The successor of Abraham A. Ribicoff is Anthony J. Celebrezze. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland. 
Adam Koc died in New York City. 
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide. 
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping. 
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
Agnes Kant resides in Netherlands. 
Airey Neave was a member of the Territorial Decoration. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. 
Airey Neave was a service that began in 1935. 
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign. 
Allan Shivers fought in World War II. 
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army. 
Alvah Sabin ended his career on March 3rd,1857. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States. 
Antoniis Samaras was succeeded byKonstantinos Mitsotakis. 
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti. 
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
The alma mater of Josef Klaus is the University of Vienna. 
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Mike Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya. 
Sadique Abubakar was a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland. 
The language of Poland is Kashubian. 
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln. 
1. FC Magdeburg play in the 2014 season. 
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro season 2014. 
A.D. Isidro Metapán's full name is Asociación Deportiva. 
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the 2014 season. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. 
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members. 
A.S. Roma play in the 2014-15 Serie A season. 
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Joden, Gottenzonen". 
The number of members of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is 5000. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
AZ Alkmaar has 17033 members. 
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season. 
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members. 
Amsterdam-Centrum is the part of Amsterdam. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
The club Gus Poyet is AEK Athens FC. 
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schöneiche. 
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar. 
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán. 
Massimo Drago plays for the clubDelfino Pescara 1936. 
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League. 
Stuart Parker is a footballer for Bury FC. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
Alba Iulia is in Romania. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County. 
Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark. 
Eric Flint is the author of1634: The Bavarian Crisis. 
The Bavarian Crisis was receded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" was followed by "1634: The Cannon Law". 
The Eissn number of AIP Advances is 2158. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. 
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3. 
Madeleine L'Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp. 
A Wizard of Mars is written in English. 
The LCCN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459. 
The book Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation Acta Math. Hungar. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline of Math. 
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the code APGPAC. 
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 27367194. 
The journal Addiction is published by Wiley-Blackwell. 
The LCCN number of the Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226. 
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones. 
The impact factor of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1.37. 
The novel Castle was followed by Aenir. 
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red. 
HIV is part of the genus Lentivirus. 
John Cowper Powys'snotable work was Wolf Solent. 
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom. 
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States. 
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas, which is part of Texas. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500. 
The location of Agra Airport is in India where T S Thakur is the leader. 
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 610 feet above sea level. 
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. 
The United States Air Force, which fought in the United States invasion of Panama, operates Al Asad airbase. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid. 
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 877.0. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, whose headquarters are in Jinnah International Airport, operates Allama Iqbal International Airport. 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by Schiphol Group and has an elevation of-3.3528 above sea level. 
The 1st runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin. 
The Angola International Airport serves Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level. 
The location of the Angola International Airport is Icolo e Bengo, Angola. 
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport which is 12 metres above sea level. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is a traditional order of Poales. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is classed as Monocotyledon. 
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 3800.0 and is located in Ashgabat. 
The city of Athens is served by Athens International Airport which is located in Spata. 
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and Kids Imagine Nation band. 
Aaron Bertram plays for the band Suburban Legends which is a genre of ska. 
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs psychedelia music. 
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Isis and is associated with the band Isis. 
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland. 
Ace Wilder's genre is hip hop music which has its origins in disco. 
Al Anderson plays rock music which originated from country music. 
Alan Frew's genre is rock music which has its origins in country music. 
Jazz musician, Alennie Jones, has its origins in Blues. 
The musical genre of Alennie Jones is rhythm and blues which originated from bluess. 
Aleksandra Kovac began his career in 1990 and performs soul music. 
Alex Day's genre is Syntthpop, which has its origins in disco. 
Alex Day's genre is Syntthpop, which has its origins in New wave music. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. 
Solo singer, Alfredo Zitarrosa, is a solo singer. 
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving band. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose musical genre is jazz. 
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is pop music. 
The musician Andrew White is a performer of the musical genre of alternative rock which has the fusion genre Nu metal. 
The musical artist of the band Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson are both associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson. 
The musical genre of the musician, and signed to the record label Rabadash Records, is rhythm and blues. 
The singer, and pop musician, began his career in 2000. 
The solo singer, and pop music, is a solo singer. 
The singer and singer Andra is a pop musician. Disco is a fusion genre of pop music. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns. 
The musician Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez. 
Alan Shepard, who was a member of Apollo 14 was retired on August 1, 1974. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, is a United States national. 
Buzz Aldrin, who retired, was a fighter pilot, retired. 
Buzz Aldrin was a member of the Apollo 11 crew which was operated by NASA. 
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for SV Werder Bremen II. 
Abel Hernández plays for the club U.S. Città di Palermo and Penarol. 
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team. 
Al-Naft club member, Ahmad Kadhim Assad, plays for Steel Azin F.C. 
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll. 
Akeem Dent was born on September 27th 1987 and was born on September 27th 1987. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Akeem Dent's debut team is the Atlanta Falcons, owned by Arthur Blank. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and also for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club. 
Alan Martin plays for both Barrow A.F.C. andHamilton Academical FC. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valerery Petrakov. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Sergey Naryshkin. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, which play in the Russian Football National League. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchere. He also plays for the club AS Lyon-Duchere. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. 
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender and played for A.C. Milan. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma who play in Serie A. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989. 
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for the Pallacanestro Cantù club. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where English is the language spoken. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where English is spoken. 
Abel Hernández plays for the clubHull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where coloured people are an ethnic group. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is led by the European Parliament. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader isBarack Obama. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and has 60 floors. 
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin. 
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and it has 23 floors. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 m tall. 
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor and Jacabian style. 
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the language is Tamil. 
The building of Alan B Miller Hall, which was started on 30 March 2007, is 101 Ukrop Way. 
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall, which is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. 
Robert A M Stern is the architect of Alan B Miller Hall which is tenanted by the Mason School of Business. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, are located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where the leader is called,Anandiben Patel. 
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259770247055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211 kelvins. 
The discoverer of (410777) 2009 FD is Spacewatch and it has a perapsis of 88234300000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec and an epoch date of November 4th 2013. 
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004. It has a rotation period of 9953.28. 
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per sec and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres. 
The average speed of1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec and it has an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres. 
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian. 
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was from Canada. 
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and a perapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of135589000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The apoapsis of1099 Figneria is 605718000.0 kilometres and its average speed is 16.37 km per sec. 
The epoch date for1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006. It has a perapsis of 349206000000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA and it has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. 
Theepoch of1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and it has a perapsis of445895000000.0. 
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and a perapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres. 
Albanny, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The largest city in Oregon is Portland, Oregon. 
The total area of Alexandria, Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres and it has a population density of 75.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. 
Anaheim, California has an area of 131.6 square kilometres and an elevation of 48.0 above sea level. 
The city of Anderson, Indiana is part of the anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The city of Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is the location of the state of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres. 
Atlanta is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, U.S. 
Attica is part of Indiana, United States. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The total area of Austin, Texas is 703.95 square kilometres and the area of land is 686.0 square kilometres. 
Austin is part of Travvis County, Texas, United States. 
The city manager is the leader of Austin, Texas, United States. 
Austin is part of Texas, United States. 
Attica is part of Indiana, where the capital is Indianapolis. 
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States. 
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken. 
The country of Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans live. 
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo. 
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles, which was created by Len Wein. 
The comic character, Ballistic, also known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench. 
Graeme Garden starred in bananaman, which was broadcast by the BBC. 
Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire, starred in bananaman. 
The American Jerry Ordway, who was a creator of Bibbo Bibbowski, was a member of the American. 
The Black Pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created bySheldon Moldoff. 
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle. 
The comic character,Bolt, was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn. 
The company AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and is a company in the energy industry. 
The company AmeriGas serves the United States and is a company in the energy industry. 
Chinabank, which has a net income of 15100000000, is abanking service. 
Chinabank is a public company founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a public company. 
The company GMA New Media is a mass media company that produces mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that produces cosmetics. 
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation which has a CEO as a key person. 
Hypermarcas is a company that produces drugs and is located in Brazil. 
Hypermarcas is a food found in Sao Paulo and makes drugs. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin on January 1, 1913. 
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain and it contains bread. 
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is a dish from the region of Andalusia. 
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which is a traditional dish from Lazio. 
The bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. 
The Indonesian region of Arem-arem is the ingredient of banana leaf. 
The Italian sauceArrabbiata sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy. It contains olive oil. 
Arrocciata sauce is from Italy where Romee is the capital. 
The Italian sauceArrabbiata sauce, which contains Tomato, is a traditional dish from Italy. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain and it contains squid. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre, which is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and is made with squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. 
The bacon explosion comes from the United States and contains sausage. 
John Roberts is the leader of the United States where the Bacon Explosion comes from. 
The main course of the bacon Explosion is a main course. It is also served as a main course. 
The bacon sandwich is a traditional name of a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is from France, United States or China. 
Baked Alaska is from China where Standard Chinese is spoken. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert which is a variation of cookie. 
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is a dish that contains shortcrust pastry and is a dish which can be added to the dish shortcrust pastry. 
The ingredient of bandeja paisa is lemon, a genus of citrus. 
Srimp is an ingredient in the dish Batchoy, which is a dish from the Philippines. 
The Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group in the Philippines where Batchoy comes from. 
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. 
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the dish Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore. 
The country of India is led by Sumitra Mahajan and the country is the country of India. 
The dish Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour and is also served as a similar dish to the fritters made from wheat or corn flour. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and banana is an ingredient. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it contains sago. 
The ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato, which is a flowering plant. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato, which is a dish from the order Solanales. 
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert. Honey is a variation of Bionico. 
Bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert. Ice cream is a type of dessert. 
The dish Siomay, which contains peanut sauce, is a dish that can be served as a dish called Siomay. 
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4, 2005. It is 125800.0 millimetres long. 
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and is classed as a crusise ship. 
The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock. 
The AIDAstella, which is253260.0 millimetres long, was christened on March 16th, 2013. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. 
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by Alliant Techsystems, which produces the AGM-88 HARM. 
Richard A Teague, who was a designer of the AMC Matador, was a Chrysler. 
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague who is a General Motors. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina and is 192000.0 millimetres long. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Grupppo Bertone and is manufactured by the Abarth. 
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Honda J engine. 
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX which has a Inline four engine. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland where Sauli Niinisto is the leader. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2m. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to theFiat Croma and is related to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
Alhambra's power type is the Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes, which is located in Deptford. 
The Alhambra, which was launched on 31 May 1855, has a beam of 8.3m. 
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine size of 4387.0 cubic centimetres and a transmission of "single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle". 
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which is a fate of Eagle. 
The Delta II rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its maiden flight was on the 9th of January 2014. 
The company of the Airbus Defence and Space, which is owned by the Airbus Group, is the manufacturer ofAriane 5. 
The Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage. 
The Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was manufactured by Lockheed Martin. 
The Audi A1 is manufactured by the Audi whose subsidiary is Ducati. 
The Audi A1 is related to the Seat Ibiza and is manufactured by Audi. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which has the power type of the AIDAluna. 
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Türk Sehitleri Aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble. 
The Dead Man's Plack, made of rock, is dedicated toÆthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and is dedicated to the Dedicated to Ealdorman of East Anglia. 
Aaron S Daggett was a fighter in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was a member of the Purple Heart. 
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was in the Nigerian Army. 
Born in Minna, Abdulsalami Abubakar, worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain. 
Abner W. Sibal was in the United States Army and fought in World War II. 
Abner W. Sibal was in the United States Army, which fought in the American Revolutionary War. 
The United States born Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Ruth Ribicoff. 
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and was the wife of Abraham A. Ribicoff. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol and fought in World War I. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was a member of the Virtututi Militari. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and was Prime Minister. Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded byKonstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Airey Neave began his career on 30th June 1953 and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his career on 30th June 1953. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Albert B White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New Mexico Territory. 
Alberto Teisaire died inBuenos Aires, where the leader is Diego Santilli. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria. 
Born in Austria, Alfons Gorbach was in office while Adolf Schärf was President. 
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. 
Alfred N. Phillips was in the United States Army, which fought in the American Civil War. 
Ben Ramsey was the successor to Allan Shivers, who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 in Port Arthur. 
Alvah Sabin was Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 are the champions. 
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A and play in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. 
The ground of A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso. 
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for C.D. FAS. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn FC Halton and plays for Runcorn FC Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Sparta Rotterdam. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde and has 3180 members. 
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and is located in Brynning Lane. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team. 
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and play in Rome, Italy. 
ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league, which is in Italy. 
Frank de Boer is a member of the Ajax Youth Academy and plays for the club Ajax. 
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax N.V. and has 5352 members. 
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Topklasse season in 2014. 
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan and the ground of the AZAL PFK is the AZAL Arena. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and has 1703 members. 
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, located in Brazil. 
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". It has 17000 members. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. 
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education and has the official school colours blue, white and orange. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology offered tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. 
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint wrote the book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis", which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. 
Eric Flint is the author of the E book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in E book. 
Eric Flint is the author of the hardcover book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in hardcover. 
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and the code ofATISET. 
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. 
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
A Glastonbury Romance is published in print and has 1174 pages. 
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 and the OCLC number of57392246. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, which is located in the United States. 
The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 28875413 and the author is Diane Duane. 
The book "A Wizard of Mars" is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-1-15-204770-2. It has 560 pages and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The country of Australians is the country of Above the Veil, which was receded by Aenir. 
The book Aenir is written in English and is followed by Above the Veil. 
The novel Castle was a novel which was preceded by Aenir, who was a novel. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science & Business Media, founded by Juliaus Springer. 
Admin. Sci. Q is theabbreviation of the Administrative Science Quarterly which has the code ASCQAG and the code of ASCQAG. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornelell University, which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, which has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. 
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9. 
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-92550-9. It has 320 pages and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9. 
The AIDS journal is academically focused on HIV, whose family isOrthoretrovirinae. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, part of Taylor County, Texas, United States. 
The Airondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake, New York. The airport has a runway length of 1219.0 and serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0. The runway name is 14L/32R. 
The Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO location identifier of the airport is VIAG. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48. 
The United States Air Force, which deploy Al Asad airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad Airbase, fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom and in the Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force, which deploy Al Asad Airbase, fought in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The runway length of the runway at Alderney Airport is 733.0 and it is made of Poaceae. 
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500. It is 3.3528 above sea level. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas. 
The runway length of theAngola International Airport is 40000.0 and is located in Icolo e Bengo, Angola. 
The South Runway is the name of the runway name of theAngola International Airport which is located in Icolo e Bengo, Angola. 
The Flemish Government is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish Region. 
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is the owner of the Antwerp International Airport which is operated by the Flemish Region. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. It is part of Kimberly and Little Chute, Wisconsin. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a flowering plant and is a member of the order Poales. 
The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0. It is 211 metres above sea level and is located 211 metres above sea level. 
The city of Athens is served by Athens International Airport in the country of Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras. 
The United States is the location of the Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport's name is 4/22. 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium, where the leader is Philippe of Belgium. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a Monocotyledon class and is a member of the order Commelinids. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Suburban Legends band. The genre of the band is pop music. 
American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician who is from the United States. 
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. 
Drone musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. 
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Sumac and is associated with the band Sumac. 
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who is associated with Sumac and is a member of the band Sumac. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap. The music is a derivative of drum and bass. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group. 
Agustín Barboza is a solo singer whose genre is Guarania music. He is signed to Philips Records and is signed to Philips Records. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on May 5th 1913. 
The blues musician, Ahmet Ertegun, is from Washington, D.C., United States. 
Al Anderson, who began his career in 1966, played with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds. 
Alan Frew's genre is rock music which has its origins in country music and folk music. 
Solo singer, a solo singer, was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Jazz musician Alennie Jones is a performer of jazz which has its origins in Blues. Afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz. 
Pop musician, Aleksandra Kovac, is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornnelije Kovač. 
Acharya K2 (Kovač sisters duo) is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and is associated with the band K2 and the K2 band. 
Acharya Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornnelije Kovac. He is associated with the musical artist Kornnelije Kovač. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London, where Boris Johnson is the leader. 
Solo singer, Alfredo Zitarrosa, is signed to the record label RCA Records and is a solo singer. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. Funk is a derivative of jazz. 
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. He performs acoustic music and is a solo singer. 
The musical artist of the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Billy Iuso, is Billy Iuso. He is associated with Tab Benoit and is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
Rock musician, and rock musician, and is signed to the record label Alligator Records and Okeh Records. 
The rhythm and blues singer, and a member of the band CRBL, is associated with Puya and Puya. 
The solo singer, and a solo singer, is a rhythm and blues singer. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns whose genre is house music. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren, whose genre is house music. 
Alan Bean was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. 
Alan Shepard died on July 21st 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. 
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. is the alternative name of Buzz Aldrin who was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, spent 52 minutes in space and was a member of Apollo 11. 
Alan Shepard died in California and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He was deceased. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933. He was a member of Apollo 8. 
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, is 1.905m tall and plays for Wichita Thunder. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and the Goslarer SC 08. He also plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II and also for the club Goslarer SC 08. 
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen and the Goslarer SC 08 club. He also plays for the club SV Werder Bremen. 
Abel Hernández, who plays for the Central Español club, plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Penarol. 
Adnan Hamad is the manager of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. and he plays for the Iraq national football team. He also plays for the Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. 
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly played for the Tennessee Titans, was a draft pick of 39 and played for the Tennessee Titans. 
Akeem Ayers, who played for the St Louis Rams, was a draft pick of 39 and played in the draft round 2 and was formerly with the St Louis Rams. 
Akeem Ayers' debut team is the Tennessee Titans and he also played for the St Louis Rams who are based in St Louis. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He was a member of the Atlanta Falcons and he was a debutant team. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where the leader is Patrick Allen and Elizabeth II is the leader. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and Al-Khor Sports Club which is located in Al Khor. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor. 
Alan Martin was born on January 1, 1989 and plays for the Crewe Alexandra FC and Aldershot Town FC. 
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-1989. He plays forHamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC. He also plays forHamilton Academical FC. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers. He was a member of the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. He also plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Spartak Moscow. 
AZAL PFK is the club of Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. He also plays for the club Aleksandre Guruli who plays for the club AZAL PFK. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla. 
Alex Tyus plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach isZvi Sherf. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the national anthem is Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valerery Petrakov. The club played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League in the 2014-15 season. 
Abner is a footballer who plays for Coritiba Football Club and also for Real Madrid Castilla, whose manager is Luis Miguel Ramis. 
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. which is located in Palo Seco. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the leader is Jacob Zuma and coloured people are an ethnic group. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States, where Frank G Jackson is a leader. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, New York. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader. 
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin. 
The 3Arena, designed by the company Populous, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin. 
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN and is located in Denmark. The hotel is tenanted by Marriott International. 
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and was designed by James Pain. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 m tall and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. 
The Adisham Hall, completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival style. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 September 2013 and has 3 floors. It has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. 
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall, which was built on 30 March 2007 and is located in Virginia. 
The College of William and Mary, whose Chancellor is Robert Gates, is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia. 
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. 
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall, which was built on 30 March 2007 and is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. 
The Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District in Sri Lanka and has 476 beds. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranl Wickremesinghe. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located at U.S. Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India where the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan. 
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0. Its perapsis is 88234300000.0 and it has an orbital period of 39447000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree Celsius and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has a minimum temperature of 500 kelvins and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an average speed of 37.16 km per sec and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. 
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia is 2015-06-27 and its former name is 1923 OAA907 XC. It has a perapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and an apoapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in Germany and attended the University of Gottingen. 
103 Hera has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0282 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. 
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs and an escape velocity of 0.0282 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 107 Camilla is E Wells and it has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a perapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
1097 Vicia has an apoapsis of511592000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec and a temperature of 171.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is511592000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. It has a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. 
The surface area of 10 Hygiea is 837080,744 square kilometres and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as1101 Clematis has an orbital period of183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006. 
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a perapsis of 3770160000000.0. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
Abilene, Texas has an area of 286.5 square kilometres and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an elevation of 524.0 above sea level and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. 
Abilene is part of Texas, United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Albanny is part of Linn County, Oregon, United States. It is part of Benton County and is part of Benton County. 
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp and is located in the United States. The city is located in the United States. 
The Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J Berry and is located in the United States. The city is led by the Albuquerque City Council which is led by Richard J Berry. 
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The country has an ethnic group called Native Americans. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is the location of Anaheim. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and is led by the United States House of Representatives. Anaheim is part of Orange County, California. 
The United States is the location of the city of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is the location of the country where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The total area of Atlanta is 349.1 square kilometres and has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 404, 678 and 470. 
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. 
Auburn is part of the state of Washington, United States, where the capital is Olympia. 
Austin, Texas is in the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is the country of Indiana where they are located. The city is part of Madison County, Indiana. 
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The largest city in Indiana is and the largest city is and the state is the location of Alexandria. 
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas, United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas, United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
The United States is home to African Americans and is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico. English is the language spoken in the United States. 
Albanny, Oregon is located in the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is home to the Native Americans and is led byBarack Obama. The country is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and Angola, Indiana is located. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and is part of the United States Congress. The House of Representatives is located in Anaheim, California. 
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel. 
The BBC, which is located in London, is where the key person is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. The BBC is broadcast bananaman. 
Bill Oddie starred in bananaman, which was first aired on 3rd October 1983. It was broadcast by STV and was first aired on 3rd October 1983. 
The first appearance of Baymax was Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. 
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski and was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman. 
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern. 
The comic character, Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin. 
The comic character, Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin. 
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry in the United States and has an operating income of $380,700,000. 
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands inManila, Philippines. 
The media company GMA New Media is a media company that produces web sites and is a media company. 
The mass media company GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at the company GMA New Media, a public company which is a subsidiary of the company. 
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation that was founded on 01-01-1901. It has a net income of 108,600,000 and a type of S.A. corporation. 
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000 and a net income of 108,600,000. It has a net income of 108,600,000 and a total number of employees. 
Hypermarcas, which was founded on January 1, 2001, is located in Sao Paulo and has a subsidiary of Mantecorp. 
Trane is a subsidiary company founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, which has a total area of 58.38. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland, which is located in Europe. 
Trane has 29,000 employees and a net income of $556,300,000. It has a revenue of $10,264,000,000 and a net income of $556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a traditional name of Ajo blanco, which is a food found in Spain. It contains bread and is also known as Ajo blanco. 
The ingredient of Ajoblanco is water and is a food found in the region of Andalusia in Spain. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders. 
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The country's leader is Jusuf Kalla and it is also served nationwide in Indonesia. 
Arrocciata sauce comes from Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language is Italian. 
Chili pepper is an ingredient in the Italian sauceArrabbiata sauce, which is a traditional dish from Romee. 
Arrocciata sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from Rome, Italy. It contains garlic as an ingredient. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. It is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region. Squid is an ingredient in the dish. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre, which is from the Valencian Community in Spain. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and is a dish from the region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal. 
The main ingredient of the bacon explosion is sausage and it comes from the United States. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and the capital is Washington DC. 
The country of Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and is a dish which contains a dish called theBLT. It is a dish that can be found in the UK. 
The ingredient of Baked Alaska is meringue and is a food found in New York, France. It is a food found in New York. 
The dish Baked Alaska is from New York, United States and is served by sponge cake. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. It is also served as a dessert. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Sandesh is a dessert. 
The Colombian dish bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region. It contains Kidney bean as an ingredient and is a traditional dish from Colombian cuisine. 
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. 
Barny cakes are a dish that can be added to Apple and contain 1.8g of carbohydrates. The dish can be added to Apple and has 1.8g of carbohydrates. 
The dish Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the Singapore dollar. 
The dish of beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It is a dish from Indonesia and includes the ingredients of Oyster sauce. 
The dish beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish from the country of Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan. 
The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables. It is a food found in India and is a food found in India. 
The country of India is where the people are called Indians and the leader is T S Thakur. The country is the country where the dish bhajji comes from. 
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi is the leader. 
The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables. It is a dish from the Karnataka region. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it is found in the Philippines. It includes banana and banana. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico and is served as a dessert. It contains sausage and is a dessert. 
Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. It is a food found in Mexico and contains Raisin as an ingredient. 
Bakso is a food found in the family of Apiaceae and is a member of the family of Apiaceae. 
The dessert, which contains granola, is served as a dessert. It is also served as a dessert. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the capital is Jakarta. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and is a dish from Java. The dish is a dish from the country of Java where Baduy are an ethnic group. 
Ayam penyet is a food found nationwide and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The country's ethnic group is banyumasan. 
Arros negre is from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and the language spoken is Spanish. 
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a hardtop. 
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. 
The A-Rosa Luna is a crusise ship which was ordered on 22nd January 2004. It is 125800.0 millimetres long and is 125800.0 millimetres long. 
Costa Crociere is the owner of theAIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders and is 17068.8 millimetres long. 
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The AMC Matador, which was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is related to the AMC Ambassador. It was built in 1974 and is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
The AMC Matador, which was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is related to the AMC Ambassador. It is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Grupppo Bertone, who was founded in Turin, Italy. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland, where Finns are the people. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, which is related to the Lancia Thema, is assembled in Italy, where Rome is the capital. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Lancia Thema and the Alfa Croma. 
The Alhambra, which is 63800.0 millimetres long, has a ship beam of 8.3m and is wrecked. 
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. The company was succeeded by the Rover Company. 
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which has Roy D Chapin Jr as a key person and was succeeded by Eagle. 
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the rocket Antares rocket, which was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where the capital isBuenos Aires and the leader is Mauricio Macri. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS. 
The Aston Martin Virage, which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1, was manufactured by Aston Martin. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States where the leader is the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Audi A1 is a Hatchback style body style and is assembled at the Audi Brussels. It has a 1.2 litre engine. 
The Audi A1 is related to the Volkswagen Polo and the Seat Ibiza. The Audi A1 is a similar means of transport to the Volkswagen Polo. 
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California. It is located in Peoria, Illinois. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is located in the United States and has the AIDAluna power type. 
TheAriane 5 was launched from the ELA-3 which is located at the runway of the ELA-3 which is located at the runway of the runway of Kouurou, French Guiana. 
TheAriane 5 was launched from the ELA-3 which is located in the French Guiana. 
The country of origin of the ALV X-1 is the United States, where the people are called Americans and White Americans are an ethnic group. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklinlin County, Pennsylvania is to the west and Franklinlin County, Maryland is to the southwest. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the location is located. The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was a member of the Purple Heart. 
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak Party. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak Party. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Atiku Abubakar. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. 
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport. He was born in Spain. 
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain. 
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. 
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was succeeded by Casey Ribicoff. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was a member of the Conservative Party in the UK. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour in Poland. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was a commander. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health. 
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. He studied at Radboud University Nijmegen. 
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. He studied at Radboud University Nijmegen. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. He worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on 30th March 1979. He was a member of the Order of the British Empire. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, ended his career on 30th March 1979. He was a member of the military Cross and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in New Mexico Territory. 
Born in Imst, Imst, in the County of Tyrol, Alfons Gorbach, died in Graz. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz. 
Democratic Party member, Allan Shivers, was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23rd October 1793. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and was a member of the Whig Party in the United States which is led by Daniel Webster. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War. 
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and he died in Austria-Hungary. 
Born in Imst, Austria, the leader of Austria is Doris Bures. He died in Austria. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor which was part of the American Civil War conflict where Robert E Lee was a commander. 
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language is Polish and the Kashubians are an ethnic group. 
A.C. Cesena, whose ground is in Cesena, has 23900 members and play in the Serie B league. 
Massimo Drago is a manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for the club Calcio Catania and the club S.S.D. Potenza Calcio. 
A.C. Lumezzane, who have 4150 members, play in the Lega Pro/A league and played in the 2014 season. 
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan and it has 10000 members and the ground is the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Niko Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn FC Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Irlam Town FC. 
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and they have 3180 members. Their ground is in Warton, Fylde. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Real Madrid C.F.C. and also for Real Madrid C.F.C. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634 members. 
The ground of AEK Athens FC is Athens and has 69618 members. The club play in the Superleague Greece. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) play in the Hoofdklasse and played in the 2014 season. Their number of members is 5000. 
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. The AZAL PFK play in the AZAL Arena. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and it played in the 2014 season. 
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. 
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is the location of the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. 
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is St Vincent-St Mary High School and is in the Premier Development League where K W United FC are the champions. 
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and plays in the Premier Development League which has K-W United FC as its champions. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the people are called Italians. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis. The ground of the club is the Olympic Stadium (Athens). 
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Marioo Botta and it is located in Switzerland. It has 600 students. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence". 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and its president is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has a sport offered tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in India where the largest city is Mumbai and the river is Ganges. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the Prime Minister. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and has the latin name Universitas Apulensis. The national saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. 
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the author of the book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis", which is available in print and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7. 
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and was the author of the book,1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was receded by the Baltic War. 
Eric Flint is the author of the E book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has 512 pages and was published in E book. 
Eric Flint is the author of the hardcover book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and is available in hardcover. 
The book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al, has 512 pages and is available in E-Book. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and its ISSN number is 1046-8188. It has the abbreviation of ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and its ISSN number is 1558-2868. It has the abbreviation of ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and its ISSN number is 1558-2868. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins and is published in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of the American Institute of Physics. He is the editor of the book, AIP Advances. 
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of the AIP Advances, which has the code AAIDBI and the abbreviated code of AAIDBI. 
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
The book A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, which is located in the United States, where the leader isBarack Obama. 
A Severed Wasp is a print publication with the OCLC number 8805735 and the OCLC number 8805735. It is a print publication. 
A Severed Wasp is a print publication with 388 pages and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number of 28875413 and the OCLC number of 28875413. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. It is available in hardcover. 
The book Above the Veil was written in Australia and was receded by Castle and the novel Castle. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which has the ISSN number of1588-2632, has the abbreviation of Acta Math. Hungar. and the LCCN number of 8364635. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which has the abbreviation of Acta Math. Hungar., has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and the discipline of Math. 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, which has the ISSN number of1732-2421, has the abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol. Pol. It has the ISSN number of 1732-2421 and the LCCN number of 6000714. 
The Addiction journal, which has the ISSN number 0965-2140, is academic discipline of Addiction and has the abbreviation of Addiction. 
Aenir is a print company written by Garth Nix and has the OCLC number 45644811. 
The book Aenir is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. It was written by Garth Nix. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, which has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It is academically focused on Math and has the abbreviation Am. J. Math. 
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the abbreviation Am. J. Math. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly, published by SAGE Publications, was founded by Sara Miller McCune. It has the abbreviated date of Admin. Sci. Q. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins and is published in the United Kingdom. David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas, United States. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and is located in Texas. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and operated by ENAIRE. The airport is located in the city of Madrid. 
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 3500. The runway name is 18R/36L and it is 3500 metres long. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bandelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of the state. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force fought in the bombing of Libya in 1986 and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighters and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The aircraft fighters of the United States Air Force are the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 and the fighter fighter McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The US Air Force fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force fought in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighters. The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a fighter fighter in the United States Air Force. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport and is the operating organisation of Allama Iqbal International Airport. It is located in Punjab, Pakistan, where the leader is the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab. 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is served by Alpena, Michigan. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0. It is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway name of 08/26 Kaagbaan. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The country is where Texans are known as Texans and the language spoken is English. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people are called Texans and the language spoken is Spanish. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the capital is Austin. 
The Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province,Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and is 159 metres above sea level. 
The Flemish Government is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish Region. It is operated by the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. It is part of Ellington and Little Chute, Wisconsin. It is served by Appleton International Airport. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518 and a surface type of Poaceae. It is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway name 07/25. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 1411.0 and a surface type of Poaceae. It is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway name 03L/21R. 
The Turkmenistan Airlines operates the Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and is named 4/22. 
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain. The airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and is located in the city of New Jersey. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a flowering plant which is a member of the order Commelinids and is a flowering plant. It is a type of flowering plants and is a member of the class Monocotyledon. 
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Kids Imagine Nation band. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the trombonist Brian Robertson. 
Solo singer, Aaron Deer, is a solo singer who is a solo singer. He is a solo singer. 
Aaron Turner began his career in 1995 and is associated with Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters band. He is a member of the band Lotus Eaters. 
Aaron Turner began his career in 1995 and is a post metal musician. He is associated with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band. 
Aaron Turner began his career in 1995 and is associated with Old Man Gloom and the band Twilight. He is a post metal musician. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar and is a member of the band Twilight. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is associated with Mamiffer and is a member of the band Mamiffer. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is a solo singer. He performs Guarania music and is a solo singer. 
Al Anderson, who began his career in 1966, was a member of the band NRBQ and was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He is associated with The Wildweeds. 
Alan Frew plays rock music which has its origins in blues and blues. The musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music. 
Born in the United States in 1914, the solo singer, Albennie Jones is a solo singer. 
Solo singer, Albennie Jones, is a solo singer. Rhythm and blues originated from bluess and includes disco as a derivative. 
Apolonia Kovac was born in 1972 inBelgrade. She is a solo singer and performs pop music. 
Apolonia Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs pop music. 
Solo singer, Aleksandra Kovac, was born in 1972 inBelgrade. He performs rhythm and blues music and was a solo singer. 
Alex Day began performing in 2006 and is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit. 
Alex Day is a solo singer whose genre is Syntthpop. It is a derivative of house music and is a derivative of house music. 
Alison O'Donnell, who began performing in 1963, is a folk musician and is associated with the band Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. 
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records and the London based Deram Records. 
Rock musician, and Billy Iuso, is associated with the band Galactic and Tab Benoit. 
Rock musician and Billy Iuso, is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit. 
Andrew Rayel is a performer of the musical genre of Trance, which has its origins in pop music. He is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. 
Andrew Rayel, who began his career in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. 
Andrew Rayel is a performer of the genre of Trance music, which has its origins in pop music. He is associated with the musical artist John Digweed and also associated with the musical artist, John Digweed. 
Andrew White began his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs. He is signed to Polydor Records and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. 
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asunción, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artists, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in Manchester, Greater Manchester, which is led by the Labour Party in the UK. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country's leader is Tabaré Vázquez and the people are called Uruguayans. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on August 1st 1974. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and was a test pilot. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was a crew member of the Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. 
Alan Bean was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is part of Esex County, New Jersey. He is a United States national whose leader is Joe Biden. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis. 
Elliot See was a test pilot who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
Elliot See, who died in St Louis, is part of the Kingdom of France, and attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the University of Texas System. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He died in St Louis on February 28, 1966. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 and was a member of the Apollo 8 crew along with the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a commander in Apollo 8. 
Abel Hernández, who plays for Penarol, plays for the Central Espanol youth team and is a member of the Central Espanol club. He also plays for the club, Peñarol. 
Abel Hernández plays for Penarol and is a member of the youth club Peñarol. He also plays for the club U.S. Città di Palermo, which is in Serie A. The manager of the club is Giuseppe Iachini. 
Adam McQuaid, who was drafted for the Boston Bruins, was drafted for the Boston Bruins, which are based in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins. 
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and was formerly played for the New England Patriots. He also played for the Tennessee Titans and was formerly played for the New England Patriots. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and was formerly a member of the Houston Texans. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim. He also plays for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor. 
Alan Martin plays for the club Accrington Stanley FC, which is managed by Barry Ferguson. He also plays for the club Accrington Stanley F.C. 
Alan Martin was born on January 1, 1989 and plays forHamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC. He is 185.42 cm tall. 
Alan Martin plays football for Motherwell F.C. whose ground is Fir Park. He also plays for Motherwell F.C. whose manager is Barry Ferguson. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki. He also plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is located at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club which is located at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The club's chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas and the ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. 
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 9, 1989. He plays for Anyang Halla and was a member of the club Anyang Halla. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the nationalanthem is Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. The country is home to Black Canadians. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the nationalanthem is Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. The language spoken in Canada is Slavey. 
Alan Martin plays for Barrow A.F.C. and also for Barrow A.F.C. whose ground is the Broadwood Stadium. He also plays for Clyde F.C. Barry Ferguson is the manager of Clyde F.C. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. He also plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is located at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valerery Petrakov and played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. The club is based in the Russian Premier League and the chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. 
Akeem Dent, who was formerly played for the Houston Texans, is a member of the Houston Texans who are based in Atlanta. He also played for the Houston Texans who are owned by Bob McNair. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for SV Werder Bremen II. He also plays for SV Werder Bremen II and managed by Viktor Skrypnyk. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. The country's capital is Cape Town and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. The country is home to the Asian South Africans and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The city Council governs Cleveland. 
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue, which has 12 floors, began in January 2014 and has a postmodern style of postmodern architecture. It has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago. 
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The company is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is led by Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The company is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is led by Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Copenhagen, Denmark and has 23 floors. The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International and the hotel is owned by Bella Center. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center and is tenanted by Marriott International. The architect was 3XN and it has Marriott International as its tenant. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor and Jacabian style. It was completed in 1931. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil. 
The Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is architectural style of Tudor Revival. It was completed in 1931. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's ethnic group is Filipinos. 
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and is the current tenant of the Alan B Miller Hall. The architect of the building is Robert A M Stern. 
The Mason School of Business is a company in the United States and is the current tenant of the Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 in Virginia. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The country's leader is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India and is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road. The country is located in Gujarat. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where T S Thakur is the leader. The country is led by T S Thakur. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka. The country's leader is Ranl Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in San Francisco and designed the significant buildings of Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Asilomar State Beach. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan, who was born in California and designed the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of Manhattan and New Netherland, United States. 
The architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, has the postcode area of B and is led by the Labour politician John Clancy. The postcode area is the postcode area. 
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia where the city is located and the Addiis Ababa Stadium is located. The city is located in Addiis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the leader is Paul Ryan. The leader of the United States is the President of the United States. 
The celestial body known as (19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 87888850000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a mass of 5.6 kgs and a perapsis of 6155910000000.0. 
The celestial body known as (19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 87888850000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km per sec. Its epoch date is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 87888850000.0 and a perapsis of 6155910000000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 36029 days and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of254989570.60815 kilometres and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 36029 days and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 1001 Gaussia is Sergey Belyavsky. It was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. It has a perapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and an apoapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and died in Gottingen. 
Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and graduated from the University of Gottingen. Halton Arp was a doctoral student. 
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 103 Hera, which has an epoch date of 27th August 2011. 
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was a Canadian national and died from perionitis. 
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st, 2001 and died in Chennai. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of135589000.0 and a mass of9.8 kg. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a perapsis of 2791422000000.0 and an orbital period of135589000.0. 
The celestial body known as1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and a mass of 2.7 kg. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a perapsis of 349206000000.0 and an orbital period of 179942000.0. 
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC. English is spoken in the United States, where the language spoken is English. 
Albanny is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. The country is home to Americans and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Georgia, United States. The country is located in the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, which is part of Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the country is Salem and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The total area of Albuquerque, New Mexico is490.9 square kilometres and it has a land area of 476.2 square kilometres. It has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. The area code is 505 and 575 and the population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, where Amarillo is located. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The state Assembly is the leader of Anaheim, which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area. 
The total area ofAngola, Indiana is 16.55 square kilometres and is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of the city of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is home to the Native Americans and is the location of the country. 
Antioch, California has a total area of 75324 square kilometres and a total area of 75324 square kilometres. It has a UTC offset of -7 and a total area of 75324 square kilometres. 
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and is 4.14 square kilometres. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of4.14 square kilometres. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres and is located in Pierce County, Washington. 
Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where the capital is Washington DC. The state is part of Pierce County, Washington. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital. 
The total area of Austin, Texas is 703.95 square kilometres and it has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 512 and it has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres. 
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The language spoken in California is Spanish. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the city is located in Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the capital is Indianapolis. The state is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is the location of Albany, Linn County, Oregon. The country is located in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States. Americans live in the United States, where the people are called Americans. 
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, United States. Americans live in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and the country is the location of the city of Angola, part of Steuben County. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and is part of the United States Congress. The House of Representatives is located in the United States and the language spoken is English. 
The creator of bananaman, which was first aired on STV on 3 October 1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was created by Steve Bright and was first aired on 3 October 1983. 
The comic character, Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who was a American, created the character Baymax, which is a character in the film Big Hero 6, starring Damon Wayans Jr. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who was a American, created the character Baymax, which is a character in the film Big Hero 6, starring Jamie Chung. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who was a American, created the character Baymax, which is a character in the film Big Hero 6, starring Maya Rudolph. 
The United States is the location of AmeriGas which is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, which is located in the North American Eastern Time Zone. The country has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. 
The United States, which was founded on July 4,1776, has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. 
Chinabank was founded on August 16, 1920 and has a net income of 15100000000. It has 295 branches and a net income of 15100000000. 
The company GMA New Media is located in Quezon City and is a entertainment company that produces World Wide Web and is affiliated with Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at the company GMA New Media, which is located in the Philippines. It is located in theGMA Network Center and makes mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that was founded on 01-01-1901. It is a pharmaceutical company that is a type of S.A. company. The company is a key person at the CEO. 
Hypermarcas is a food found in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court and it is a subsidiary of the drugs. 
Hypermarcas, a company which produces healthcare products, is located in Sao Paulo and has a total of 10252 employees. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain and is a dish from the region of Andalusia. It includes bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. 
Ajoblanco is a traditional name of Ajo blanco, which is a food found in Spain. It is a food found in the region of andalusia region. It contains water. 
The Javanese dish Arem-arem is a dish from Javanese cuisine. It includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. 
The main course of Arem-arem is a main course and is a main course. It is a main course and is a main course. It includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. 
The Italian sauceArrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome and is a dish from the region of Rome. The main ingredients are:tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and chili pepper. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. It includes white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and is a main ingredient in the dish. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. It includes white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and is a main ingredient in the dish. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. It includes white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and is also known as Asam padeh. It is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malaysian Malay and Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Sumatra. 
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. It includes sausage as an ingredient and is a main ingredient. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and Washington D.C. is the capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and is a dish that can be served by the UK. It is also known as the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It is also known as a bacon sandwich, which is a variation of theBLT. 
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and is a variation of theBLT. It is also known as the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. It is also known as the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, and bacon muffin. 
The bacon sandwich is a popular sandwich from the United Kingdom and is also known as the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is a food found in France, New York or Hong Kong, France and China. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, United States. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a dish which contains Frangipane as an ingredient. 
Bakewell pudding is a dessert which is a dessert which is a variation of the Bakewell tart. It is a dessert which is a variation of the Bakewell tart. It is a variation of the dessert. Ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs are main ingredients. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a dish which contains shortcrust pastry and is a dish which is a dish which is a dish which is a dish containing shortcrust pastry. 
The main ingredients of the bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. It is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. 
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and is a dish from Indonesia. Siomay is a dish which is a dish from Indonesia. 
The dish Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and is a variation of Siomay and Siomay. Shiitake is an ingredient in the dish. 
The main ingredients of the dish, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, are the main ingredients of the dish. It is a dish from Indonesia and Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of the dish, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, are the main ingredients of the dish. It is a popular dish nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of the dish, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. 
The alternative name of bhajji is Bhaji, bajji. It is a food found in India and contains gram flour and vegetables. 
The country of India is the location of the dish Bhajji which is located in the country of India. The leader of the country is Narendra Modi and the leader is Vajubhai Vala. 
Bhajji is a food found in the country of India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan. 
The country of India is where the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi. The country is the location of the country of India. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It includes coconut milk and is a dish from the Philippines. 
Bionico is a food found in the Guiadalajara region of Mexico. It includes chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. 
Sandesh is a dessert which is a dessert found in Mexico, where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. The dish comes from Mexico, where the dish is served as a dessert. 
The dish Bakso is a Chinese cuisine found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the language is Indonesian. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini. Italian is the language spoken in Italy. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Rome is the capital and Pietro Grasso is the leader. Rome is the capital of Italy. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from the country of Java, where the language is English and the banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The dish is a dish from the country of Java. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from the country of Java where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The dish is a dish from the country of Java. 
The Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group in the Philippines where the language is Philippine Spanish and the country is the location of Batchoy. 
Arros negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the euro is the currency. The country is led by Felipe VI and the ethnic group is Spaniards. 
The 1955 Dodge is a Dodge company that has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. It has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches and a wheelbase of 120.0 inches. 
The DeSoto Custom, which is related to the 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Firedome, is a related means of transport to the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom. The DeSoto Custom was manufactured by DeSoto and was succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome. 
TheAIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a ship beam of 32.2 and a length of 252 millimetres. It was made on March 22nd 2009. 
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is253260.0 millimetres long and is owned by Costa Crociere. It has a 32.2 beam and is owned by Costa Crociere. 
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It is owned by Costa Crociere and is owned by Costa Crociere. 
TheAIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950 and August 1956. 
The AMC Matador is a station wagon assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a AMC V8 engine. It is also known as the American Motors Matador. 
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a straight-6 engine. It is also known as the American Motors Matador. 
The AMC Matador is a full-size car assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a straight-6 engine. It is also known as VAM Classic. 
The AMC Matador is a station wagon assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a AMC V8 engine. It is also known as VAM Classic. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was produced in 1958 and has a straight four engine and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres. It has a straight four engine. 
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant and has a front engine design. It is a front engine design and has a Honda K engine. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It is 99.83m long and has a 21.2m ship beam. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a ship beam of 21.2m and is in service. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland and is in service. It has a ship beam of 21.2m and a ship beam of 21.2. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders in Finland. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight four engine and a Saab 9000 engine. The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema and the Alfa Romeo 164. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight four engine and is related to the Lancia Thema. It is related to theFiat Croma and the Lancia Thema. 
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle and was succeeded by Eagle. The key person of American Motors is Roy D Chapin Jr. 
The American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h and a beam of 3.8 m. It was launched on January 25, 1969. It has a length of 4500.0 millimetres and a top speed of 8.334 km. 
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the rocket Antares rocket, which was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and had its final flight on the 28th of October 2014. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its final flight was on the 28th of October 2014. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and the Aston Martin DBS. It has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS. 
The Audi A1 is a Coupe body style and is assembled in the Audi Brussels. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a 5 speed manual transmission. 
The Audi A1 is a subsidiary of Ducati and was founded by August Horch. It is a division of Audi e-tron and is the manufacturer of the Audi A1. 
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California. It is owned by AIDA Cruises located in Rostock. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company is located in Illinois and has AIDAluna as a power type. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket Antares is similar to the Delta II. 
General Dynamics Electric Boat, located in Groton, Connecticut, is the parent company of General Dynamics. The American submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8 m and is built by General Dynamics Electric Boat. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, whose city is in Rostock, Germany. The leader of the country is Andreas Voßkuhle. 
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. The Star Spangled Banner is the nationalanthem of the United States. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County, Maryland to its north. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the city of Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast. 
The Baku capital is Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the capital is Baku. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the capital is Baku. The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. It is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister and the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and was award of the Purple Heart. 
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was award of the Purple Heart. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and his alma mater is Leiden University. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who resides in Kuching, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Kuching. He was born in Miri, Malaysia and represented the Asajaya region. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. 
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and resides in Kuching. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister. He was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and Francisco Franco was predecessor. 
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies and was born in the city of Galeicia in Spain. 
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteeareas, Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport. He was born in Ponteareas, Spain. 
Abner W. Sibal was born inRidgewood, Queens and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was succeeded by John N Dempsey. 
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell was a commander. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and was involved in the Gulf War. 
Adam Koc was a national of Poland, where the Kashubian language is spoken. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Adam Koc was a national of Poland, where the language spoken is Polish. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Adam Koc was a national of Poland, where the language spoken is Polish. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was a commander. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. He was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and he was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and began his career on March 4th 1974. He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico, in the United States. 
Rear Admiral, Alberto Teisaire, was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20, 1891. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Born in Imst, Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach, died in Styria, Austria. 
Born in the state of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach, died in Graz, in Graz, in Graz. 
Connecticut born Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was a member of the United States Army which fought in the Whisey Rebellion. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. 
Democratic Party member, Allan Shivers, was born in Lufkin, Texas and was Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States which is led by Daniel Webster. He is a member of the United States Whig Party which is located in Vermont, the largest city of which is Burlington. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He was a member of the Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. 
The United States is the country of the birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut. He was a native American and his wife was Ruth Ribicoff. 
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of A.C. Chievo Verona, Verona, Italy. The club has 39371 members and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season in Serie A. 
Italian born Rolando Maran, who plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona. He is a member of the Carraarese Calcio club and is also in the club Cararese Calcio. 
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and F.C. Bari 1908. He is the manager of AC Lumezzane. 
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the language is Greek and the leader is Alexis Tsipras. The country is led by Niko Voutsis and Nikos Voutsis. 
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and it is located in Italy. Their ground is located in Italy and it has 5300 members. 
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910, which has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season. Their ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio, full name Livorno Calcio S.p.A., has 19238 members and played in the Serie B season in 2014.15. The ground is Stadio Armando Picchi. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and played in Serie A in the 2014-15 season. Their ground is in Rome and it has a ground in Rome. 
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. The AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan and the ground is the AZAL Arena. 
AZAL PFK, who have 3500 members, play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. The AZAL PFK play in the AZAL Arena. 
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn. He plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.Ş. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a Brazilian league which is based in Brazil. The nickname of the club is Asa Gigante and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. 
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. The club play in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil. 
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault and has 3000 members. Their manager is Denzil Antonio and they played in the 2011 PDL season. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. The ground is located in Akron, Ohio. The league's champions are K-W United FC. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The language spoken in Italy is Italian. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the official language is Italian. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the leader is Pietro Grasso. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which is located in Stadio Olimpico. Their ground is located in Stadio Olimpico and they play in Serie A where Juventus FC are the champions. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland and has 100 academic staff. The dean is Marioo Botta and it has 100 academic staff. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and was established in 1996. It has 600 students and its leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Mendrisio. It was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. The dean is Marioo Botta. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in India in 2000. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Klaus Iohannis and the capital is Bucharest. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the country of Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the country of Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. 
The book "Ring of Fire II" was followed by the Ring of Fire II, which is written in English and was written by David Weber. The book was preceded by the Baltic War which was preceded by the Baltic War. 
The book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, has 512 pages and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. It is available in E-Book and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins and is published in the UK by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins. The capital of the UK is London and the leader is Elizabeth II. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. 
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press and was published in Ireland. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture. 
A Severed Wasp is a print publication with the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It is published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735. 
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and OCLC number 8805735. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number of318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The Addiction journal, which has the abbreviation of Addiction, has the ISSN number 1360-0443 and the LCCN number 93645978. It is a academic discipline of Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornelell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and is from the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, which has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math., is published inbimonthly and has an ISSN number 1080-6377. It has an imonthly journal. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, which was first published in 1878, has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. It has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the language is English and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the language is English and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in the United States is Great Britain. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom. The country is led by Elizabeth II and Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English, which is spoken in Great Britain. The country is also home to African Americans and is the country where the African Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and English is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is the location of A Severed Wasp. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States. The airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0. 
The Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and a ICAO location identifier of KABI. It is 546 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier KABI. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14L/32R and a length of 4349.0. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. The airport's ICAO location identifier is VIAG. Ram Naik is the leader of the state. 
The Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. The airport's native name is Kheria Air Force Station. The airport is located in the state of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and the leader is Ram Naik. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The aircraft fighters of the United States Air Force are the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The United States Air Force fought in the United States invasion of Panama. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III aircraft carriers. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III aircraft fighters are the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and the Korean War. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The United States Air Force fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Grenada. The aircraft carriers are the Lockheed AC-130 and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. The United States Air Force was involved in the invasion of Grenada and the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft. The Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft is a transport aircraft. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 896. The airport has a runway name 11/29 and a length of 896. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and the capital is Austin. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas and the demonym of the people are Texans. 
The Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, in the country ofAngola. It is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda. 
The Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province,Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000. 
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is the owner of the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level. It is operated by the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600. 
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. The airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and has a 3/21 runway name. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Colayton, Winnebago County and is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin. 
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport in New Zealand. It is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. The runway name is 03R/21L and it has a surface type of Poaceae. 
The Turkmenistan Airlines operates the Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway named 12R/30L. It is 2989.0 metres long and is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. It has the ICAO location identifier KACY and a runway length of 1873.0. The airport has the ICAO location identifier KACY. 
The city of Antwerp is served by the Antwerp International Airport. The country is led by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium. The language spoken in Belgium is German and the leader is Charles Michel. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and is 23.0 metres above sea level. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500. The airport is located in Madrid, Spain. 
Aaron Bertram is a singer who plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Kids Imagine Nation band. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Kids Imagine Nation. Ska punk originated from punk rock. 
Solo singer, Aaron Deer, is from the United States and is a solo singer. He is associated with Wee Giant and is a member of the band Wee Giant. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is associated with Mamiffer and House of Low Culture. He is a member of the House of Low Culture and is a member of the electric guitar. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar and is a member of the Greymachine band. He is a member of the band Twilight and is associated with the Greymachine band. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner, who began his career in 1995, is a singer in the band Twilight and is associated with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters. He is an artist in the band Twilight. 
Abradab, which began his career in 1994, is associated with the rapper Magik and Kaliber 44 band. It is associated with the band Kaliber 44. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23, 1982. He is a solo singer and was born in Sweden on July 23, 1982. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay, where the language is Spanish and the ethnic group is Mestizo. 
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the music genre is rhythm and blues. He died in the United States. The genre is rhythm and blues which originated from blues and which has disco as a derivative. 
The non performing personnel, Ahmet Ertegun, was born in 1923 in Washington DC, United States. He is a non performing personnel and is a non performing personnel. He is a non performing personnel. 
Alan Frew is a solo singer whose genre is rock music. Rock music has its origins in country and bluess and bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock. 
Alan Frew is a solo singer who was born in Coatbridge, Canada. He is a musician who is a solo singer. He is a musician. 
Alex Day, who began performing in 2006, was born in the London Borough of Havering. He is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, London, where the Labour Party (UK) is the leader. He died in Sidcup, London. The Labour Party (UK) is the leader of London. 
Solo singer, Alfredo Zitarrosa, is signed to the record label RCA Records and is associated with the musical artist Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Perez. He is associated with the musical artist Ciro Penaes and the musician Hector Numa Moraes. 
Alison O'Donnell, who began performing in 1963, is a folk music of Ireland. She is associated with the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle. She is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. 
Rhythm and blues artist, and rhythm and blues artist, and Billy Iuso, began his career in 1989. He is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit. 
The guitarist and guitarist, and a guitarist, is associated with Johnny Sansone. He is signed to Okeh Records and is signed to the record label Okeh Records. Bhangra is a fusion of rock music. 
The singer, and a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. She is a rhythm and blues singer. 
The singer, and solo singer, and a solo singer, was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. He is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren. 
Andrew White began his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. He is associated with the musical artist, Kaiser Chiefs and Polydor Records. He is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artists, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. 
The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music which has its origins in Disco and Disco. It was born on 4th February 1981. It has a derivative of drum and bass. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, in Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. He died in Paraguay, where the ethnic group is Mestizo. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader and where the ethnic group is Mestizo. He died in Asunción, Gran Asunción. 
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the band NRBQ. Rock music has its origins in country and Blues. The musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music. 
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and is associated with the House of Low Culture. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country is led by Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Daniel Martinez. The language spoken in Uruguay is Spanish. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country is led by Tabaré Vázquez and the politician Daniel Martinez. The country is home to the people of Uruguay. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California on July 21st 1998. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a crew member of the Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was now deceased. 
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. He spent 100305 minutes in space and was a backup pilot Alfred Worden. David Scott was a commander in Apollo 12. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He died in California. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system and is affiliated with the University of Texas System. Gregory L Fenves is the president of the University of Texas system. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and was a deceased. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was a student at the Big 12 Conference. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was a student at the University of Texas system. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 which was a backup pilot and was commanded by Frank Borman. He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew and was a commander in NASA. 
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta, Houston. He also played for the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston. The Falcons are owned by Arthur Blank. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is in the Qatar Stars League. The club is managed by Amar Osim and is located in Al Khor. 
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, plays for the Soviet Union national football team and also for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valerery Petrakov. He also plays for the Soviet Union national football team. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow. He also plays for FC Terek Grozny whose ground is in Grozny. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the club U.C. Sampdoria. He also plays for A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović and the manager is Siniša Mihajlović. 
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for U.C. Sampdoria, plays for the Italian national under 17 football team and is currently in the A.C. Milan which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and managed by Siniša Mihajlović. He also plays for the Italian national under 17 football team. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow. He also plays for FC Terek Grozny, which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. 
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. club which is located in Palo Seco. He also plays for Ferencvarosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll and chairman Gábor Kubatov. 
Akeem Ayers' debut team is the Tennessee Titans who play in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also played for the Los Angeles Rams who are based in Los Angeles. Mike Mularkey is the coach of the Tennessee Titans. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II. The capital is London and the currency is the Pounds sterling. 
250 Delaware Avenue, which was built in January 2014, is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors and a cost of 110 million dollars. It has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and it has 60 floors. 
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The company is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is led by Dáil Éireann. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka and has Tudor and Jacabian style. It is located in St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The country's leader is Ranl Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's leader is Tarō Asō and the ethnic group is the Japanese people. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the governing body is theGujarat Legislative Assembly. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the governing Assembly is theGujarat Legislative Assembly. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The state is led by Austin Fernando and the leader of the country is Ranl Wickremesinghe. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan, who was born in California and designed the significant buildings of Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and Hearst Castle. She also designed the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan, who was born in California and designed significant buildings including Hearst Castle and Chinatown, San Francisco. She also designed the Riverside Art Museum and the San Francisco Museum. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California and has the architectural style of Arts and Crafts movement. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, are located on 23rd Street, Manhattan and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street in Manhattan. The architectural style of the building is Romanesque Revival and has the reference number 80002709. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. The city is part of New York City, which is led by Gale Brewer. 
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the postcode area is B and the governing body is the Birmingham City Council. The city is led by Andrew Mitchell and the postcode area is 103 Colmore Row. 
Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in the country of Ethiopia. The country is the location of the Addiis Ababa Stadium and the city Hall is located in Addiis Ababa. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is called the President and the language is English. The country is led by John Roberts and African Americans. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is called the President and the language is English. The leader of the United States is Joe Biden and White Americans are an ethnic group. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an orbital period of 36029 days and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. 
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 and an orbital period of 16244700.0. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0. 
The American James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 101 Helena on August 15,1868. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian who studied at the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and Halton Arp and Allan Sandage. 
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, was an England national and discovered 107 Camilla on 17 November 1868. He died in Chennai. 
The epoch date of1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202.846 days. It has an apoapsis of373513000.0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of373513000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of373513000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec and an orbital period of135589000.0. Its epoch date is on 31 December 2006. It has a mass of9.8 kgs and an apoapsis of511592000.0 km. 
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec and an area of 837080.744 square kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. 
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. The area code is 325. 
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas and the capital is Austin. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish. 
Albanny is part of Georgia, United States. The country is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is home to the people of the United States, where the people are called Americans. 
The total area of Albuquerque, New Mexico is 490.9 square kilometres and it has a land area of 476.2 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. The area code is 505 and 575. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol and is led by Tom Tait. The country is where the language spoken is Spanish. 
The Democratic Party (United States) has its headquarters in Washington DC and is the leader of the Democratic Party (which has its capital city in Indianapolis). The country is part of Indiana, which is part of the United States. 
The population density of the city of Anderson, Indiana is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. It is located in Indiana and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. The area code is 765 and it is 268.0 above sea level. 
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which is part of the San Francisco Bay area. The country's language is Chinese and it has a total area of 75324 square kilometres. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, in the United States. The city seat is Covington and the capital is Washington DC. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The County seat of Lee County is Opelika and the African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. The state is also where the language spoken is Spanish. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Houston. The County seat of Texas is Georgetown and the language spoken is Spanish. 
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the largest city is and the capital is Indianapolis. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas where English is spoken.Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the state's county seat is Fort Worth. 
The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Fort Worth.Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas. The state's capital is Austin and the largest city is Fort Worth. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where the capital is Austin. The state is located in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. 
The country of Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. The leader of the country is the Mayor and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is home to the country where the people are called Americans. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Albany, Linn County, Oregon. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Akron, Summit County, Ohio. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, where Americans live and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is led by the President and is home to the African Americans. The country is the location of the country of the United States where the leader is the President and the country is home to the people of Americans. 
The United States is the location of Albany, part of Benton County, Oregon. The country is located in the United States, where English is spoken and the capital is Washington DC. Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is the location of Albany, Oregon, which is part of Oregon. The country is home to Asian Americans and the capital is Washington DC. English is the language spoken in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans and the County seat is Opelika. 
The United States is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the leader is the Albuquerque City Council and the language is English. The country is led by the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of the city of Angola, Indiana. The country is located in the United States where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is led by the President and is home to Asian Americans. The country is the location of Albany, Georgia. The country is located in the United States, where the leader is called the President and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. 
Washington state is the location of Auburn, King County, Washington, United States. Washington is the capital of Olympia and the largest city is Seattle. 
The BBC broadcast bananaman, which was created by John Geering and broadcasted by BBC on 3 October 1983. It was first aired on 3 April 1986 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who is an American, was a creator of the character Baymax, which is a character in the film Big Hero 6, which starred Scott Adsit. 
Chinabank was founded inManila on August 16, 1920. It is a publicly traded company that has 295 locations and a net income of 15,100,000,000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at the mass media industry. The company was founded on January 1, 2000 and located in the GMA Network Center. The company is located in the mass media industry and makes mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that is located in Brazil, which has a population density of 23,8. It was founded on 01-01-1901. 
Trane is a subsidiary company founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It is located in Ireland, where the population is 29,000. It is located in Europe and has 29,000 employees. 
Trane is a subsidiary company that produces building management systems and is located in Swords, Dublin. It has a net income of $556,300,000 and a net income of $556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from the region of Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo blanco. It contains bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. 
Amatriciana sauce is a Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. It is a dish from the Lazio region and includes the main ingredients:tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil. 
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia. The country's leader is Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The country is led by Joko Widodo and the language is Indonesian. 
Arrocciata sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the language is Italian. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the people are called Italians. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of the country is Ximo Puig and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Spaniards are the people of Spain. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kua Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The country's leader is called Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and is found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. It includes squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is a dish from Indonesia. It includes the main ingredients:squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is a food found in Indonesia. The dish comes from Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the leader isBarack Obama. The country is home to White Americans and the language spoken is English. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and the capital city is Washington DC. The country is home to Asian Americans and the language is English. 
The country of France is where the French language is spoken and the country is the location of Baked Alaska. The country is led by Carrie Lam and Gérard Larcher. 
The Colombian dish bandeja paisa is a dish from the region of thePaisa region. It is a ingredient of the ingredient of lemon, which is a member of the rutaceae family and is a member of the Rosids order. 
Barny cakes are served in France, where French is spoken and Claude Bartolone is the leader. The country is led by Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. 
The country of France is the country of France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Gérard Larcher. The country is the location of Barny cakes which was created by the company, Chicago. 
The country of India is where the people are called Indians and the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan. The country is the location of the country and the country is home to the Indian people. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is a dessert which includes sweet potato. 
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. It is a dish that can be served as a dessert. The dish can also be served as a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. It is a dish that can be served as a dessert. The dish is served as a dessert. Cookies are a variation of cookie. 
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It is a dish that can be served as a dessert. It is a dish from the country of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. 
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia and is popular in the Southeast Asian countries. The country is also popular in the country and the capital is Jakarta. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia. 
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla. The country is the location of Bakso which is located in Indonesia. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the people are called Italians. The country is led by Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is English. The country is home to the banyumasan people and the country is home to the banyumasan people. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is Standard Chinese. The country is also where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group. 
The Ilocano people and Ilocano people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where the official language is Philippine English. The country is also home to the Ilocano people and the Ilocano people. 
The dish Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It is a popular dish in Indonesia and is a popular dish nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in the country of Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and Susana Diaz is the leader. The country is led by the leader of the country, where Spaniards are the people. 
The country of Ajoblanco is located in Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the Euro is the currency. The country is led by Felipe VI and the people are called Spaniards. 
The AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and has a top speed of 38.892 km/h and a 32.2 beam. 
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine. It was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950 and August 1956. 
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a AMC V8 engine. It is a station wagon and has a station wagon style body. 
The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long and is owned by the P&O company. It was built by the Samuda Brothers and is 63800.0 millimetres long. It is owned by the P&O company. 
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the rocket Antares rocket, which has a diameter of 3.9 metres and its final flight was on September 18, 2013. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its final flight was on September 18, 2013. 
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the rocket Antares which is similar to the Delta II rocket. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and the Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is similar to the Delta II. 
The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured theAriane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres and was launched from the Guina Space Centre. It was launched from the Guina Space Centre and had its final flight on December 18, 2009. 
The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of theAriane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres and was launched from the ELA-3 launch site. It was made on 2nd March 2004 and had its final flight on 27th September 2003. 
The Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin Virage, which was assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, which is related to the Aston Martin DBS. 
The Atlas II, from the United States, was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diameter of3.04 m and its final flight was on March 16, 1998. 
The Audi A1 is a coupe body style and is assembled in Brussels, Belgium. It has a 1.2 litre engine and front-wheel-drive layout. It is a 1.2 litre engine. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company is located in Illinois and is owned by AIDA Cruises. The company is located in the Illinois. 
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, located in Genoa, and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is comparable to the rocket, which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. The rocket is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. 
The A Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, whose city is in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is in Rostock, Germany. The country is led by Stanislaw Tillich and the people are called Germans. 
The rocket Antares is similar to the Delta II, which originated from the United States. It was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and the Minotaur V rocket. 
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and White Americans are an ethnic group. The country's national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner and the country's people are called Americans. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality ofGettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg and has Franklinlin County to its west and Cumberland County to its southeast. Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is located in the country and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is made of red granite and white marble and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is made of red granite and white marble. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The birth place of Abdul Taib Mahmud is the Kingdom of Sarawak and he resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, was in the Nigerian Army and was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and he ended his career on 29th May 1999. 
American, A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare party. He was a member of the United States Democratic Party and died in New York City. 
American, Abraham A. Ribicoff, was born in Chicago and died in the United States. He was a national of the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and began his career on 5th May 2005. He was a member of the Parliament for Gravesham. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and where the leader is Mark Rutte. He worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. He was a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands where the leader is Emile Roemer. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and worked as a member of the Parliamentary group. He was a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer. 
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte and is red. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte and the colour is red. 
Albert B White was born in Maritta, Ohio and was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland. He was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. 
Alberto Teisaire was a national of Argentina, where the language spoken is Spanish. He died in Argentina, where the leader is Gabriela Michetti and the governing body is theBuenos Aires City Legislature. 
Spanish is spoken in Argentina, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and the governing body is theBuenos Aires City Legislature. Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina. 
Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20, 1891. He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Alvah Sabin, who began his career on March 4th,1853, was a member of the 3rd Congressional District in Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. He was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, which is led by Henry Clay. He was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States which is led by Daniel Webster. He was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister. He was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister and his deputy is Evangelos Venizelos. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis. 
Born in Imst, Austria, the leader of Austria is Doris Bures. He was born in Imst, Austria. He died in Graz, Austria. Austrian German is the language spoken there. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, in the Netherlands, where the Euro is the currency. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and the leader is Mark Rutte. 
The ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is located in Blackpool, where Gordon Marsden is the leader. The manager of the club is Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC. 
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC. He plays in the Superleague Greece where the champions are Olympiacos FC. 
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, located in Alagoas. 
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is located in Arapiraca. 
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica and has 17000 members. The club play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. The champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. The dean is Marioo Botta. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Bangalore. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has Telangana to its west and the Arabian Sea to its west. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the country of Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association. 
The book "A Long Long Way" was written in Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group and was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber. The book is published by Faber and Faber. 
The book "A Long Long Way" was written in Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group and was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber. It was preceded by Annie Dunne. 
The book "Into Battle" was followed by "Into Battle" and "The Violet Keystone". The book was followed by "Into Battle" and "Into Battle". 
Cornelell University is located in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly. 
Cornelell University is located in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where the leader isBarack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. It is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the language is English. The country is also home to African Americans and the country is home to the African Americans. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where Joe Biden is the leader and English is spoken. The country is the location of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. The country is led by Joe Biden and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the capital city is London and the leader is David Cameron. The country is led by Elizabeth II and the leader is David Cameron. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins, which is affiliated with Wolters Kluwer. It is published in the United Kingdom and is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom. David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom. 
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It is from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and the language is English. The country is home to Native Americans and is the location of the country. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. He was now retired. 
Alan Shepard was a United States national who was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He retired on August 1, 1974. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon. He was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon and died on July 21st 1998 in California. The Navy ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. 
Born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, is a fighter pilot who graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. 
Born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a member of Apollo 11. He was now retired. 
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and served as a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 which was backup pilot by William Anders. 
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. He attended the University of Texas at Austin. He was a US national and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and retired on 1st September 1969. He was a member of Apollo 8 and retired on 1st September 1969. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company located in Brazil. It was founded on 01-01-1901. It is a pharmaceutical company which makes drugs. The company is a subsidiary of the pharmaceutical industry. The company is a subsidiary of the company and is a key person at the CEO. 
Trane, a company that produces HVAC, was founded on January 1, 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has 29,000 employees and a revenue of $10,264,000,000. It has an operating income of $875,400,000. 
The bronze Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and Ankara is the capital. 
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister and the leader is Artur Rasizade. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is located in Azerbaijan. The memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located at the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland and is owned by the National Park Service. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The monument is owned by the National Park Service. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located at the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States and is owned by the National Park Service. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the Institute is B M Reddy and its president is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. The Institute was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The Institute was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai. The country's state is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. The sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff. The School is affiliated with the European University Association. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th, 1932. He was a test pilot and a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. He was now retired. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. He now retired. 
Alan Shepard was a US national who was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a member of Apollo 14 and died in California. 
Alan Shepard was a US national who was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was a test pilot. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States, Buzz Aldrin, is a US national. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States, Biden is the leader of the United States. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 which was backup pilot by William Anders. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew. 
Born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He is now retired. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 which was a crew member of NASA. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 crew. William Anders was a backup pilot. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot. He died in St Louis on February 28, 1966. 
William Anders was a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He retired on 1 September 1969. He was a fighter pilot and retired on 1 September 1969. 
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company located in Sao Paulo, is a subsidiary of Mantecorp. It is a pharmaceutical company that produces healthcare products. It has a net income of 108,600,000 and a net income of 108,600,000. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania is Cumberland County, Maryland. 
The National Assembly is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku. The country is the capital of Azerbaijan and the capital is Baku. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The president of the Institute is B M Reddy and its president is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has 700 postgraduate students and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence". It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its president is B M Reddy. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. It has 700 postgraduate students and its president is B M Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala. The country's largest city is Mumbai and its largest city is Mumbai. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its national national anthem is Desteapta-te, romane! 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its campus is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. 
