SacreBLEU: BLEU = 51.70 100.0/71.4/50.0/20.0 (BP = 1.000 ratio = 1.000 hyp_len = 8 ref_len = 8) 
NLTK BLEU: 0.8231040988845982 
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0. 
The celestial body known as Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
The location of Adirondack Regional Airport is Harrietstown, New York. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L. 
The operated organisation of Afonso Pena International Airport is Infraero. 
Agra Airport is located in Agra. 
The Al Taqaddum Air Base is 84.0 above sea level. 
The city of Alderney is served by the city of Alderney. 
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L. 
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0. 
The 1/19 runway at Alpena County Regional Airport is named 1/19. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 
Andrews County, Texas is the county seat of Andrews. 
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas. 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29. 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. 
The city of Luanda is served by the Angola International Airport. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
The mayor of Athens is Giovannis Kaminis. 
The location of Athens International Airport is Spata. 
The German language is spoken in Belgium. 
The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium. 
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen. 
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
The leader of the Flemish Region is the Flemish Government. 
The language of Greece is Greek. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center. 
San Sebastián de los Reyes is located in Spain. 
The city of Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States. 
The South Jersey Transportation Authority's Chief is Stephen Dilts. 
Aaron Bertram began his career in 1998. 
Aaron Deer is associated with The Horns of Happiness. 
Aaron Turner's genre is Avant-garde metal. 
Aaron Turner's genre is Black metal. 
Aaron Turner is from Boston. 
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik. 
Abradab is a solo singer. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982. 
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. 
Agustín Barboza is signed to Philips Records. 
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger. 
The birth place of Albuennie Jones is Errata, Mississippi. 
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Kornnelije Kovač. 
Aleksandra Kovac's background is solo singer. 
Aleksandra Kovač's genre is soul music. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa's genre is Milonga. 
The record label of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Movieplay. 
Alison O'Donnell began his career in 1963. 
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music. 
The record label for Anders Osborne is Alligator Records. 
The record label of Anders Osborne is Shanachie Records. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist, Jaydan Moyine. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. 
Andrew White is a musician whose genre is alternative rock. 
The city of Asunción is part of Gran Asunción. 
The location of Deram Records is London. 
Funk is a musical fusion genre of Funk. 
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music. 
Jazz has its stylistic origins in Blues. 
The RCA Records is distributed by Legacy Recordings. 
The band Twilight is a black metal band. 
The British people are among the ethnic groups in the United Kingdom. 
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Alan Shepard died in California. 
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. 
The Apollo 14 is operated by NASA. 
The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA. 
The United States is the nationality of Buzz Aldrin. 
Elliot See was a test pilot. 
The University of Texas at Austin has the mascot Hook 'em. 
Thechairman of A.C. Milan is Silvivio Berlusconi. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. 
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team. 
Abner plays for C.D. FAS. 
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikou, Morocco. 
Adam Maher was born in Diemen. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown. 
The birth place of Ahmad Kadhim Assad is Iraq. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C. 
Akeem Ayers is a linebacker. 
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan. 
Akeem Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born inBaghdad. 
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley FC. 
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra FC. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays in the National Hockey League. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba. 
Alex Plante is 1.9304 metres tall. 
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba. 
The country of Budapest is Hungary. 
Inuktitut is the language of Canada. 
The Columbus Blue Jackets are located in the city of Columbus, Ohio. 
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny. 
FC Tom Tomsk plays in the Russian Football National League. 
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valerery Petrakov. 
The general manager of Florida Panthers is Dale Tallon. 
The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is Žan Tabak. 
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. 
The manager of Penarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. 
Point Fortin is located in the country of Trinidad. 
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. 
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row. 
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983. 
200 Public Square was completed in 1985. 
20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom. 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena. 
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge. 
The building of Adare Manor was started in 1700. 
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th of September 2013. 
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business. 
The architect of Amdavad ni Gufa is B V Doshi. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths was constructed in 1904. 
The postcode area of Birmingham is the postcode area. 
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois. 
The Republic of Ireland is the country of Dublin. 
The city of Dublin is part of Leinster. 
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India. 
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan. 
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan. 
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International. 
The language of Republic of Ireland is English. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa. 
London is the capital of the United Kingdom. 
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States. 
The discoverer of the 1950 DA is Carl A Wirtanen. 
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is259776702.47055 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4, 2013. 
The perapsis of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 29919600000.0. 
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
The average speed of1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec. 
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 kelvins. 
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla. 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per sec. 
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0. 
The escape velocity of1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per sec. 
The mass of 1099 Figneria is 2.7 kg. 
109 Felicitas has an perapsis of 283322600000.0. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
The perapsis of1101 Clematis is445895000000.0. 
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
110 Lydia has an apoapsis of 3771600000.0. 
N.R. Pogson is a national of England. 
The area code for Abilene, Texas is 325. 
Abilene is part of Texas. 
The leader of Albany, Georgia is the Mayor. 
The total area of Albany, Oregon is 45.97 square kilometres. 
Albanny, Oregon is located in the United States. 
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the state Senate. 
The Albuquerque City Council is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States. 
The area code for Anaheim, California is 657. 
The city of Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. 
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. 
The city Administrator is the leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan. 
The leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan is the Mayor. 
The population density of Ann Arbor, Michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
The celestial body known as Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 metres above sea level. 
The 11th State Assembly District is the leader of Antioch, California. 
The celestial body known as Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 185 metres above sea level. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana. 
Auburn is part of Alabama. 
California is in the United States. 
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Georgia is in the United States. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis. 
Lee County, Alabama is in the state of Alabama. 
The capital of New Jersey is Trentton. 
Potter County is in Texas. 
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States. 
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan. 
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny. 
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman. 
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby. 
The broadcast of bananaman was STV. 
The first aired on the 3rd of October 1983, Bananaman. 
Bill Oddie is the starring of bananaman. 
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6. 
Bill Everett was awarded the Eisner Award. 
The birth of Bill Oddie is Kate Hardie. 
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin. 
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard. 
John Buscema was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Cármen Lúcia is the leader of Brazil. 
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media. 
The GMA New Media is a product of World Wide Web. 
The media company GMA New Media is a media company. 
The total area of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38. 
The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal is GMA New Media. 
The ethnic group of Philippines is the Pangasinense people. 
Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines. 
The European Parliament constituency is the Swords, Dublin. 
The County Manager is the leader of Swords, Dublin. 
The United States is thelong name of the United States of America. 
Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco. 
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil. 
Arem-arem is a nationwide in Indonesia but more specific to Java. 
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of Arrobbiata sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre. 
The ingredient of Arros negre is squid. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea. 
The Ayam penyet is hot. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. 
Bakewell tart is a traditional dish that contains frangipane. 
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso. 
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa. 
Barny cakes was created by Mondelez International. 
The dish Barny Cakes are variations of the dish. 
Barny cakes have a protein of 1.8g. 
Batchoy is from the Philippines. 
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy. 
The ingredient of Batchoy is vegetables. 
The region of Binignit is Visayas. 
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales. 
The dish contains coconut. 
Ice cream is a dish that can be served as a dessert. 
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. 
Italians are the people of Italy. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java. 
Lemon is a member of the Rosids order. 
The people of Mexico are called Mexicans. 
The language spoken in Mexico is Spanish. 
The language of the Philippines is Arabic. 
Shumai is a dish variation of Siomay. 
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet. 
The 1955 Dodge has a engine of 230 cubic inches. 
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. 
The AIDAluna began its active years on March 22nd 2009. 
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship. 
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft. 
The christening date of the AIDAstella is March 16th 2013. 
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013. 
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine. 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems. 
The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958. 
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine. 
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine. 
The Acura TLX has a transmission of 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6). 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a Executive car. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 and theFiat Croma are similar means of transport. 
Alhambra's maiden voyage was on July 7th,1855. 
The ship beam of Alhambra is 8.3m. 
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52. 
The final flight of the Antares rocket is on the 28th of October 2014. 
Themaiden flight of theAriane 5 was on August 11th 2005. 
TheAriane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States. 
The final flight of the Atlas II was on March 16th 1998. 
The Audi e-tron is a division of Audi. 
The Audi A1 was assembled in the Audi Brussels. 
The company Caterpillar Inc was founded in California. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. 
Caterpillar Inc is located in Peoria, Illinois. 
The launch site of the Delta II is Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
The language of Finland is Sami languages. 
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich. 
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kouurou, French Guiana. 
Honda is a division of Acura. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
The location of Meyer Werft is Germany. 
The location of Meyer Werft is Papenburg. 
The Ataturk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica. 
The bronze Ataturk Monument (İzmir) is made of bronze. 
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble. 
Aaron S Daggett was award of Purple Heart. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud is in the region of Kota Samarahan. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army. 
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch. 
Abner W Sibal fought in World War II. 
The successor of Abraham A Ribicoff was Anthony J Celebrezze. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland. 
Adam Koc died in New York City. 
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide. 
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping. 
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
Agnes Kant resides in Netherlands. 
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. 
Airey Neave was a service started in 1935. 
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign. 
Allan Shivers fought in World War II. 
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army. 
Alvah Sabin's active years was on March 3rd,1857. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States. 
Antoniis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti. 
The language of Austria is Austrian German. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
Josef Klaus's alma mater is the University of Vienna. 
Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Mike Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya. 
Sadique Abubakar was a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland. 
The language of Poland is Kashubian. 
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln. 
1. FC Magdeburg play in the 2014 season. 
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro season. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan's full name is Asociación Deportiva. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the full name A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the 2014 season. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. 
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members. 
A.S. Roma play in Serie A in 2014. 
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Gottenzonen. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
The number of members of AZ Alkmaar is 17002. 
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season. 
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
The number of members of Akron Summit Assault is 3000. 
Amsterdam is part of Amsterdam-Centrum. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
The club Gus Poyet is AEK Athens FC. 
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schöneiche. 
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar. 
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan. 
Massimo Drago plays for the clubDelfino Pescara 1936. 
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
The Premier Development League's champions are K-W United FC. 
Stuart Parker is a footballer for Bury FC. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
Alba Iulia is located in Romania. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County. 
Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark. 
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. 
The Grantville Gazettes was the rector of1634: The Bavarian Crisis. 
The Cannon Law is the followed by1634: The Ram Rebellion. 
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. 
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3. 
Madeleine L'Engle wrote A Severed Wasp. 
A Wizard of Mars is written in English. 
The LCCN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459. 
The book Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviated date of Acta Math. Hungar. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is a discipline of Math. 
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the code APGPAC. 
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is27367194. 
The journal Addiction is published by Wiley-Blackwell. 
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226. 
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37. 
The novel Castle is followed by Aenir. 
Cornell University has the nickname Cornell Big Red. 
HIV is part of the genus Lentivirus. 
John Cowper Powys'snotable work was Wolf Solent. 
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom. 
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States. 
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas, which is part of Texas. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 35000.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500. 
The location of Agra Airport is in India where T S Thakur is the leader. 
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 610 feet above sea level. 
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the United States invasion of Panama. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid. 
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0 and it has a surface type of Poaceae. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport and is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport. 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. 
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by Schiphol Group and has a length of-3.3528 metres above sea level. 
The runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin. 
The city of Luanda serves the city of Luanda. The airport is 159 metres above sea level. 
The location of the airport is Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. 
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation for Antwerp International Airport which is 12.0 metres above sea level. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a traditional dish from Poales. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon. 
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is3800.0. 
The city of Athens is served by Athens International Airport which is located in Spata. 
The runway length of Athens International Airport is3800.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends which is a genre of ska. 
Aaron Deer is a performer of the psychedelia genre and plays the guitar. 
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters band. 
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland. 
Ace Wilder's genre is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band. Rock music has its origins in country music. 
Alan Frew is a rock musician whose origin is country music. 
Jazz musician, Albuennie Jones, has its origins in Blues. 
The musical genre of Albuennie Jones is rhythm and blues which originated from bluess. 
Aleksandra Kovac began his career in 1990 and performs soul music. 
Alex Day's genre is Syntthpop which has its origins in disco. 
Alex Day's genre is Syntthpop, which has its origins in New wave music. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. 
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba. 
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the musical artist, Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose musical genre is jazz. 
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is pop music. 
The musician Andrew White is a musician who plays alternative rock which has a fusion genre of Nu metal. 
The musical artist of the band Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson are both artists. 
The musical genre of and blues musician, and signed to the record label Rabadash Records, is rhythm and blues. 
The pop musician, and started performing in 2000, began his career in 2000. 
The solo singer, and pop musician, is a solo singer. 
The musical genre of Andra is pop music which has a fusion genre of disco. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns. 
The musician Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader. 
Alan Shepard, who retired on August 1, 1974, was a member of Apollo 14 and retired on August 1, 1974. 
The United States national, Buzz Aldrin, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. 
The fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin, who retired, was a retired. 
The Apollo 11 was operated by NASA and the NASA operates the Apollo 11. 
The fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 and was a member of the Apollo 11. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for SV Werder Bremen II. 
Abel Hernández plays for the club Peñarol and is a member of the club U.S. Città di Palermo. 
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of the Netherlands national under 17 football team. 
The club Al-Naft and Al-Naft are both played for the club Steel Azin F.C. 
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll. 
Akeem Dent was born on September 27th 1987 and was born on September 27th 1987. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Akeem Dent's debut team is the Atlanta Falcons owned by Arthur Blank. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and also for Al-Zawra'a SC. 
Alan Martin plays for the club Barrow A.F.C. and is a footballer forHamilton Academical FC. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valerery Petrakov. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Sergey Naryshkin. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk who play in the Russian Football National League. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and also for AS Lyon-Duchere. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. 
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender in the football club A.C. Milan and is a member of the A.C. Milan club. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the youth club A.S. Roma who play in Serie A. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989. 
Alex Tyus was born on 08/01/1988 and plays for the Pallacanestro Cantù club. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is spoken. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is spoken. 
Abel Hernández plays for the club,Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where coloured people are an ethnic group. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, where the European Parliament is the leader. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader isBarack Obama. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and has 60 floors. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin. 
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and it has 23 floors. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 m tall. 
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. 
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the language is Tamil. 
The Alan B Miller Hall, which was completed on 30 March 2006, is located at 101 Ukrop Way. 
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia. 
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern and the Mason School of Business. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, are located at 23rd Street, Manhattan. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where the leader is called Anandiben Patel. 
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of259776702.47055 kilometres and an minimum temperature of 211 kelvins. 
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an perapsis of 88234300000.0. 
The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 0.0999 km per sec and it has an epoch date of November 4th 2013. 
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 is on 14th July 2004. It has a rotation period of 9953.28. 
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per sec and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres. 
The average speed of1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec and has an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres. 
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who is from Canada. 
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who is from Canada. 
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and an apoapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is135589000.0 and it has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The average speed of1099 Figneria is 16.37 km per sec and its apoapsis is 605718000.0 kilometres. 
The epoch date of1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA and it has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. 
The epoch date of1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006. Its perapsis is 445895000000.0 and its perapsis is 445895000000.0. 
The rotation period of 110 Lydia is39332.9 and it has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and an perapsis of 29511000.0 kilometres. 
Albanny is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, where Portland is the largest city. 
The total area of Alexandria, Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres and it has a population density of 75.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. 
Anaheim, California has an elevation of 48.0 above sea level and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres. 
The city of Anderson is part of the and is part of the anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The city of Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is the location of and Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana. 
The population density of Ann Arbor, Michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres. 
Atlanta is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, U.S. 
Attica is part of Indiana, United States. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located. 
The total area of Austin, Texas is 703.95 square kilometres and it has a land area of 686.0 square kilometres. 
Austin is part of Travvis County, Texas, United States. 
The city manager is the leader of Austin, Texas, United States. 
Austin is part of Texas, United States. 
Attica is part of Indiana, where the capital is Indianapolis. 
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States. 
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken. 
The United States, where Americans live, is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny. 
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles, which was created by Len Wein. 
The comic character Ballistic, which is also known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench and the comic character was created by Doug Moench. 
The BBC broadcast bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcast by BBC. 
Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire, starred in bananaman. 
The American Jerry Ordway, who was created Bibbo Bibbowski, was created by Americans. 
The Black Pirate, which is also known as Jon Valor, was created bySheldon Moldoff. 
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle. 
The comic character,Bolt, was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn. 
The company AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and is a company in the energy industry. 
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry and serves the United States. 
Chinabank, which has a net income of 15100000000, is a service of banking services. 
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a publicly traded company. 
The company GMA New Media is a mass media company that produces mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that produces cosmetics. 
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation with a key person as CEO. 
Hypermarcas is a food found in Brazil and contains drugs. 
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and contains drugs. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin on January 1, 1913. 
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain and contains bread. 
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from the region of Andrasia. 
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which is a traditional dish from Lazio. 
Bandeeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. 
The Indonesian region of Arem-arem is a dish that contains banana leaf. 
The Italian sauceArrabbiata sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy. It contains olive oil. 
Arrocciata sauce is from Italy, where Romee is the capital. 
The Italian sauceArrabbiata sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy. It contains tomato. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain and it contains squid. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre, which is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community. 
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet aresqueezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. 
The bacon explosion is a food found in the United States and it contains sausage. 
The country of Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is a leader. 
The main course, bacon, is a main course. 
The alternative name of a bacon sandwich is bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, and bacon muffin. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a food found in France, United States or China. 
Baked Alaska is from China where Standard Chinese is spoken. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert which is a dish variation of cookie. 
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is a dish variation of Bakewell pudding. It is a variation of shortcrust pastry. 
The ingredient of bandeja paisa is lemon, a genus of citrus. 
The dish Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and it is served by shrimp. 
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group. 
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. 
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the dish Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore. 
Bhajji is from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader. 
Gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji which is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana and it contains sweet potato. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it contains sago. 
The ingredient of binignit is sweet potato, which is a flowering plant. 
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato, which is a dish from the order of Solanales. 
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert. 
Honey is a dish that can be found in Bionico, a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert which contains ice cream. 
The dish Siomay is a dish variation of Siomay which has peanut sauce as an ingredient. 
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4, 2005. It is 125800.0 millimetres long and is 125800.0 millimetres long. 
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and is classed as a crusaise ship. 
The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock. 
The AIDAstella, which is253260.0 millimetres long, was christened on March 16th 2013 and is253260.0 millimetres long. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montereal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems, which produces the AGM-88 HARM. 
Richard A Teague, who was a designer of the AMC Matador, was a crew member of Chrysler. 
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague who is a crew member of General Motors. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and is located in Argentina. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is manufactured by Grupppo Bertone and is manufactured by Abarth. 
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Honda J engine. 
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX which has a Inline four engine. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is the leader. 
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2m. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to theFiat Croma. 
Alhambra's power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes, located inDeptford. 
The Alhambra was launched on 31 May1855 and has a ship beam of 8.3m. 
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine size of 4387.0 cubic metres and its engine is 4387.0 cubic metres. It has a transmission of single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. 
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose fate is Eagle. 
The Delta II rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its maiden flight was on the 9th of January 2014. 
The Airbus Defence and Space is owned by the Airbus Group and is the manufacturer of theAriane 5. 
The Aston Martin V8, succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was manufactured by Lockheed Martin. 
The Audi A1 is manufactured by the Ducati, which is owned by the Audi A1. 
The Audi A1 is related to the SEAT Ibiza and is manufactured by Audi. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which has a AIDAluna power type. 
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble. 
The Dead Man's Plack, which is made of rock, is dedicated toÆthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and is dedicated to the Dedicated to the Dedicated to Ealdorman of East Anglia. 
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. 
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Mirii, Malaysia and represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain and was born in Ponteareas. 
Abner W Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II. 
Abner W Sibal was a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Revolutionary War. 
The United States born Abraham A Ribicoff was succeeded by Ruth Ribicoff. 
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and was married to Casey Ribicoff. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland and fought in thePolish–Soviet War. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol and fought in World War I. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Virtututi Militari and fought in World War I. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and Kolstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Airey Neave, who started his career on June 30th 1953, began his career on 30th June 1953 and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Airey Neave, who started his career on June 30th 1953, fought in World War II. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Albert B White was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New Mexico Territory. 
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Diego Santilli. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria and was born in Tyrol. 
Born in Austria, Alfons Gorbach was in office while Adolf Schärf was President. 
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. 
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War. 
Ben Ramsey was the successor to Allan Shivers, who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 are the champions. 
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A and play in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. 
A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso. 
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for C.D. FAS. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn FC Halton and plays for Runcorn FC Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Sparta Rotterdam and plays for Sparta Rotterdam. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde and has 3180 members. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is Bryning Lane and has 3180 members. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team. 
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and play in Rome, Italy. 
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, which is located in Italy. 
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax and plays for the Ajax Youth Academy. 
The owner of AFC Ajax, which has 5352 members, is AFC Ajax N.V. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam, where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Topklasse season 2014. 
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan and is located at the AZAL Arena. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and has 1703 members. 
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil. 
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". It has 17000 members and has the full name of "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. 
Massimo Drago is a member of S.S. Chieti Calcio and plays for A.C. Cesena. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. 
The official school colour of the Acharya Institute of Technology is blue, white and orange and was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology offered tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. 
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint wrote the book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. 
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in E-Book. 
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in hardcover. 
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviated ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and the coden codeATISET. 
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. 
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
The book "A Glastonbury Romance" is available in print and has 1174 pages. 
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 5792246 and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. 
The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is318875313 and the author is Diane Duane. 
The book A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-1-15-204770-2. It has 560 pages and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The Australians are an Australian citizen. The book was receded by Aenir. 
The book Above the Veil is written in English and is followed by the book "Aenir". 
The novel Above the Veil was written by Aenir, whose novel was Castle. 
The book Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Juliaus Springer. 
Admin. Sci. Q. is theabbreviation of the Administrative Science Quarterly, which has the code ASCQAG and the code is ASCQAG. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornelell University which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
The book Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. 
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9. 
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-92550-9. It has 320 pages and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9. 
The AIDS journal is published in the academic discipline of HIV, whose family isOrthoretrovirinae. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States. 
The Airondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and is served by the city of Saranac Lake, New York. The airport has a runway length of 1219.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name 14L/32R and a length of 4100.0. 
The Indian Air Force is the operating organisation for Agra Airport which is located in India. The ICAO location identifier is VIAG. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad Airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada and took part in the Korean War. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad Airbase, fought in the Korean War and was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 733.0 and it serves the city of Alderney. The runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733.0. 
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 35000.0. It is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 3500. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the largest city is Houston. 
The runway length of the airport is 40000.0 and is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola. 
The runway name of the airport is South Runway and is located in Icolo e Bengo,Angola. 
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12.0 metres above sea level. It is operated by the Flemish Region. 
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is the owner of the Antwerp International Airport which serves the city of Antwerp. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, which is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin. Little Chute is part of Appleton, Wisconsin. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a flowering plant. It is a flowering plant which is a member of the order Poales. 
The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of3800.0. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of3800.0. 
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece, where Alexis Tsipras is the leader. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport's runway name is 4/22. 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, which is served by Philippe of Belgium. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a Monocotyledon class and is a type of commelinids. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends, which is a pop music genre. 
Aaron Deer is from the United States and is a performer of the musical genre of Indie rock. 
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Greymachine and the Greymachine band. 
Drone musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and the Greymachine band. 
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Sumac and is associated with the band Sumac. 
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is black metal, which is a fusion of death metal. He is associated with Sumac and is associated with the band Sumac. 
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is black metal, which has a musical fusion of death metal. 
Abradab is a hip hop musician whose sub genre is Gangsta rap. The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which has a sub genre of Gangsta rap. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group. 
Agustín Barboza is a solo singer whose genre is Guarania and is signed to Philips Records. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on May 5th 1913. 
The blues musician Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington, D.C. in the United States. 
Al Anderson, who began his career in 1966, started performing in 1966 and is associated with The Wildweeds. 
Alan Frew is a rock musician whose origins are from country music and folk music. 
Born in Errata, Mississippi, a solo singer, is the solo singer. 
Jazz musician, Albuennie Jones, is a musical fusion of blues music. Afrobeat is a fusion genre of jazz. 
Aleksandra Kovač is a pop musician who is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornnelije Kovač. 
Acharya Kovac is associated with the band K2 and Bebi Dol. He is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and the K2 sisters duo. 
Acharya Kovac is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornnelije Kovač. He is associated with the musical artist, Kornnelije Kovač and the musical artist Kornnelije Kovač. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Manchester and died in London. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London, where Boris Johnson is the leader. 
Solo singer, Alfredo Zitarrosa, is signed to the record label RCA Records and is a solo singer. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose musical genre is jazz and has a record label Static Caravan Recordings. Funk is a derivative of jazz. 
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL and is a solo singer. 
The musical artist of the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit, is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
Rock musician, and rock musician, and signed to the record label Alligator Records, is signed to the record label Okeh Records. 
The rhythm and blues singer, and Puya, is associated with the band CRBL. 
The solo singer and rhythm and blues singer, and a solo singer, is a rhythm and blues singer. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns whose genre is house music. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist, Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren. 
Alan Bean was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. 
Alan Shepard died in California on July 21st 1998 and was a member of the senate Dianne Feinstein. 
The alternative name of Buzz Aldrin is Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. and he was a member of the Apollo 11 mission. He was a member of the Apollo 11 mission and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. 
The Apollo 11 mission was the Apollo 11 mission and he was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He spent 52 minutes in space and was in space. 
Alan Shepard died in California, where the fossil is Smilodon. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927. He was deceased and was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927. 
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and was a member of Apollo 8. 
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, is 1.905m tall and plays for Wichita Thunder. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for the club Goslarer SC 08. He also plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for SV Werder Bremen II. 
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen and the Goslarer SC 08 and also for SV Werder Bremen. 
Abel Hernández, who plays for the Central Español club, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and Penarol. 
Adnan Hamad is the manager of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. and he plays for the Iraq national football team. 
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly played for the Tennessee Titans, was draft pick 39 and played for the draft round 2 and was a draft pick of 39. 
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly played for the St Louis Rams, was drafted in 2 and has a draft pick of 39. 
Akeem Ayers' debutant team is the Tennessee Titans and he formerly played for the St Louis Rams who are based in St Louis. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He played for the Atlanta Falcons. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician and Elizabeth II is the leader. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor. He also plays for Al Shorta SC. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is a member of the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor. 
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town FC and Aldershot Town FC. 
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-1989. He plays forHamilton Academical FC and also for Crewe Alexandra FC. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Kuban Krasnodar. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the club AZAL PFK and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club which is located at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla. 
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach isZvi Sherf. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The national anthem of Canada is Canada. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valerery Petrakov. The club is based in the Russian Premier League and played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. 
Abner is a footballer who plays for Coritiba Football Club and also plays for Real Madrid Castilla, where Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager. 
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and is a member of the United Petrotrin FC which is located in Palo Seco. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the coloured people are an ethnic group. Jacob Zuma is the leader of South Africa, where the leader is Jacob Zuma. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States, where Frank G Jackson is a leader. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, New York. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader. 
HOK SVE is the architect of the 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin. 
The 3Arena, designed by the Populous company, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN and is located in Copenhagen. The hotel is tenanted by Marriott International and is located in Denmark. 
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862. It was designed by J. P. McManus and was designed by James Pain. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m tall and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. 
The Adisham Hall, completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival style. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and has 3 floors. It has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th September 2013. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. 
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall, which was completed in 30 March 2007. 
The College of William and Mary, whose Chancellor is Robert Gates, is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia. 
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business which is located in Virginia, United States. 
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall, which was built on 30 March 2007. 
The Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476 beds and is found in Sri Lanka. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located at U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has the reference number 87000823. 
Asser Levy Public Baths, located at Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India where the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan. 
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and an perapsis of88234300000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree celsius and an apoapsis of254989570.60815 kilometres. It has a minimum temperature of 500 kelvins and an apoapsis of 255089570.60815 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an average speed of 37.16 km per sec and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. 
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 2015-06-27 and its perapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres. Its former name is 1923 OAA907 XC and its perapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade, who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Gottingen. 
103 Hera has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0282 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. 
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0282 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. 
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an perapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an apoapsis of 2791422000000.0 and an apoapsis of511592000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec and an apoapsis of511592000.0 kilometres. It has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of511592000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as1099 Figneria has a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apoapsis of605718000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec and an apoapsis of605718000.0 kilometres. 
The surface area of 10 Hygiea is837080.744 square kilometres and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. 
The epoch date of1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 18309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a perapsis of 3770160000000.0 and an orbital period of 142603000.0. 
Abilene, Texas has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. It is 524.0 above sea level and has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. 
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Albanny is part of Linn County, Oregon, United States. 
The New Mexico House of Representatives, which is led by Don Tripp, is located in the United States. 
The Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J Berry and is located in the United States. The city Council is led by Richard J Berry. 
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Alpharetta is located. The country is located in Georgia, in the U.S. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States, which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and is located in Orange County, California. 
The United States is the location of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana and is where Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres and has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 404, 678, 470 and the area code is 404, 678 and 470. 
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. 
The capital of Washington state is Olympia and is part of the state of Washington, United States. 
The United States, where Americans live, is home to the African Americans and the country is home to Austin, Texas. 
The state of Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The largest city in Indiana is and the largest city is and Anderson is the largest city. 
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
The United States is the location of Albany, Oregon, which is part of Oregon. Washington DC is the capital of the United States. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital. 
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and Albuquerque, New Mexico is located. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and Albanny, Oregon is located. 
The United States is led byBarack Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. The country is home to Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and Angola, Indiana is located. 
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress and is located in Anaheim, California. The House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress. 
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel. 
The BBC is located in London and broadcast bananaman. The key person of the BBC is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. 
The first aired on 3rd October 1983, bananaman, starred Bill Oddie and was broadcast by STV. 
The first appearance of Baymax was Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T Seagle and Steven T Seagle. 
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski and was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman. 
The comic character Blockbuster, which has the alternative name Roland Desmond, was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern. 
The comic character,Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin. 
The comic character,Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin. 
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry in the United States and has an operating income of $380,700,000. 
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands inManila. Chinabank is located in the Philippines. 
The media company GMA New Media is a media company that produces web services and is a media company. 
The mass media company GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at the company GMA New Media, a publicly traded company. The company is located in the public company. 
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation and was founded on 01-01-1901. It has a net income of 108,600,000. 
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000 and a net income of 108,600,000. It has a net income of 108,600,000 and a net income of 108,600,000. 
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 01-01-1901, is located in Sao Paulo and is affiliated with Mantecorp. 
Trane is a subsidiary that was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, which has a total area of 58.38. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland. 
Trane has 29,000 employees and a net income of $556,300,000. It has a net income of556,300,000 and a net income of556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain and is also known as Ajo blanco. It contains bread. 
The ingredient of Ajoblanco is water and is located in Andalusia, Spain. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Jusuf Kalla is the leader. 
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and the country is led by Jusuf Kalla. 
Arrocciata sauce is from Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language is Italian. 
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrocciata sauce which is from Romee, Italy. 
Arrocciata sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from Rome, Italy. It is a traditional dish from Rome. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain and is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre, which is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. 
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and is found in Java. The dish is a food found in Java and is located in Java. 
The main ingredient of the bacon explosion is sausage and it is a food found in the United States. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and the capital is Washington DC. 
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where John Roberts is the leader and the country is the location of Bacon Explosion. 
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and is a dish variation of theBLT. It is a dish which is a variation of the BLT. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in France and is a food found in New York. The ingredients are meringue and meringue. 
The ingredients of Baked Alaska are sponge cake and are found in New York, United States. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is served as a dessert. Cookies are a variation of dessert. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is served as a dessert. Sandesh is a dessert. 
The Colombian dish bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. It is a traditional dish from the Antioquia Department region. 
Barny cakes are found in France where the leader is Gérard Larcher and the leader is Claude Bartolone. 
Apple is a variation of Barny cakes, which can be found in Apple. The carbohydrate is 18.0g and it has a protein of 1.8g. 
The dish Beef kway teow is from Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the Singapore dollar. 
The dish beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia and is a dish from Indonesia. The ingredients are oyster sauce. 
The country of Indonesia is the location of beef kway teow which is a dish from Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan. 
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji, which is a food found in India. 
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T S Thakur and the people are called Indians. 
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. 
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji, which is a dish from the region of Karnataka. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana and it is found in the Philippines. It is a dish from the Philippines. 
Bionico is a dessert which comes from Mexico and is served as a dessert. The ingredient of the dish is sagor cream. 
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico and contains Raisin. 
Bakso is a dish from the family of Apiaceae and is a member of the family of Apiaceae. 
The dessert is served as a dessert and contains granola as an ingredient. The dish is served as a dessert. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the capital is Jakarta. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and is a dish from Singapore. Baduy is an ethnic group in Java. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, which is found nationwide and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The ethnic group of Java is Banyumasan people. 
Arros negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI. The language spoken in Spain is Spanish. 
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet and has a V8 engine. 
The 1955 Dodge, which is also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. 
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and was ordered on 22nd January 2004. It is a crusaise ship. 
Costa Crociere is the owner of theAIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises located in Germany. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. It is17068.8 millimetres long and has a length of 17068.8 millimetres. 
The ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The AMC Matador, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is related to the AMC Ambassador. It is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. 
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is related to the AMC Ambassador. It is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Grupppo Bertone, who was founded in Turin, Italy. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland, where Finns are known as Finns. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Lancia Thema and is related to the Alfa Romeo 164. Rome is the capital of Italy. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Lancia Thema and the Lancia Thema. 
The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 8.3m. The state is wrecked and has a ship beam of 8.3m. 
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry and was succeeded by Rover Company. 
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which has Roy D Chapin Jr as a key person and was succeeded by Eagle. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where the capital isBuenos Aires and the leader is Mauricio Macri. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS. 
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Audi A1 is assembled in the Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It is a body style body style and has a 1.2 litre engine. 
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and is related to the Volkswagen Polo and the Seat Ibiza. 
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is located in the United States and has a AIDAluna power type. 
The launch site of theAriane 5 was the ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which is headquartered in Kouurou, French Guiana. 
TheAriane 5 was launched from the ELA-3 which is located in French Guiana. 
The ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans live and White Americans are an ethnic group. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Franklin County to its southwest. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the designer is Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is located in Azerbaijan. The memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. 
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was a member of the Purple Heart. 
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Mirii, Malaysia and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and Oladipo Diya was predecessor. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. 
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport. He was born in Spain and was born in the state of Galicia. 
Abel Caballero was born in Galilecia in Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch. Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain. 
Abner W Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. 
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked at the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office. He was married to Casey Ribicoff who was married to Casey Ribicoff. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was a member of the Conservative Party in the UK and was a member of the Conservative Party. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Order of Polonia Restituta and was a member of the Poland–Soviet War. He was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland and was a member of the Cross of Valour. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was a commander. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health. 
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked at the Socialist Party in Netherlands. He studied at Radboud University Nijmegen. 
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. He studied at Radboud University Nijmegen and worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. He worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, was a member of the Order of the British Empire and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, ended his career on 30th March 1979. He was a member of the military Cross and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in New Mexico Territory. 
Born in Imst, in Imst, in the County of Tyrol, Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol state and died in Graz. 
Democratic Party member Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur and was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23rd October,1793. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and was a member of the Whig Party in the United States where Daniel Webster is the leader. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War. 
Born in Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria. The leader of Austria is Doris Bures. 
Born in Imst, Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures. He died in Austria. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War conflict, where Robert E Lee was a commander. 
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language is Polish and Kashubians are an ethnic group. 
A.C. Cesena is in Cesena and has 23900 members. The club is in Serie B and has their ground in Cesena. 
Massimo Drago is a manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and Calcio Catania. 
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro/A league in 2014. 
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan and it has 10000 members. It is located at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and is located at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez. 
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for the club Drogheda United FC and also plays for Runcorn FC Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Drogheda United FC and also played for Stockport County FC. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and is a member of the club Irlam Town FC. 
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is located in Warton, Fylde and has the full name Association Football Club Fylde. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and also for Real Madrid C.F.C. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634 members. 
The ground of AEK Athens FC is Athens and has 69618 members. The club is in the Superleague Greece. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Hoofdklasse in 2014. 
AZAL PFK play in the AZAL Arena and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and has 1703 members. It was in the 2014 season and played in the 2014 season. 
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. 
The club Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays in the Premier Development League which is led by K-W United FC. 
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and plays in the Premier Development League which is led by K-W United FC. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians live and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giovannis Kaminis. The ground is the Olympic Stadium in Athens. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and has 600 students. The dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and has the motto "Nurturing Excellence". 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and is led by B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where the largest city is Mumbai and the river is Ganges. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the latin name is Universitas Apulensis. The patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 737 academic staff and 737 students. 
The book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7. 
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and died in1634: The Baltic War. He was the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by1634: The Baltic War. 
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages. 
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. 
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al and has 512 pages. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1046-8188. It has the abbreviated discipline of Computer Science and the ISSN number 1046-8188. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1558-2868. It has the ISSN number 1558-2868 and the ISSN number is 1558-2868. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A T Charlie Johnson, who resides in the United States, is the editor of AIP Advances which was published by the American Institute of Physics. 
The editor of AIP Advances is A T Charlie Johnson and the coden code is AAIDBI. The code of the book is AAIDBI. 
A Glastonbury Romance is published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
The book A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
The Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States whereBarack Obama is the leader. 
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and it is available in print. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the OCLC number of 8805735. 
A Severed Wasp is a print print book with 388 pages and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number of318875413 and is available in hardcover. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The book Above the Veil was written in the country of Australia and was written by Castle. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviated name Acta Math. Hungar. and the LCCN number is 8364635. It has the ISSN number 1588-2632 and the LCCN number is 83646315. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which has the abbreviation of Acta Math. Hungar., has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and the discipline of Math. 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, which has the ISSN number 1732-2421, has the LCCN number 60040714 and the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol. Pol. 
The Addiction journal, which has the abbreviated discipline of Addiction, has the ISSN number 0965-2140 and the abbreviated discipline of Addiction. 
Aenir is a print print with the OCLC number 45644811 and was written by Garth Nix. 
Aenir is a print print book with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. It was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math and the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. 
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the abbreviated name Am. J. Math. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly, published by SAGE Publications, was published by Sara Miller McCune and has theabbreviation of Admin. Sci. Q. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is the leader. 
The country of the United States is the location of A Fortress of Grey Ice. The country is led byBarack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas, United States. The airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and operated by ENAIRE. 
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway length of 35000.0 and is owned by ENAIRE. 
The location of Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and part of Bindelnkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad airbase, fought in 1986 and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighters. The United States Air Force was involved in the bombing of Libya and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is a fighter fighter in the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighter. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are aircraft fighters. The United States Air Force was involved in battles in Operation Enduring Freedom and the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighters. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The aircraft fighters of the United States Air Force are the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130. The United States Air Force fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport and is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport is located in Punjab, where the leader is the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab. 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It is served by Alpena, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway name of 08/26 Kaagbaan. It is located 33528 above sea level and has a length of 2014.0. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Texan is a national. English is spoken in Texas. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Texan is a national. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and the demonym of the country is Texan. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston. 
The location of the airport is Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, inAngola. It is 159 metres above sea level and is 159 metres above sea level. 
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12.0 metres above sea level. It is operated by the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Ellington, Wisconsin. It is served by Appleton International Airport. Little Chute, Wisconsin is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located at 34.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 518.0. It has a surface type of poaceae and a length of 518.0. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located 34.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. It has a surface type of Poaceae and a length of 1411.0. 
The operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport is Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. It is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 2989.0. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and a length of 3048.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. The airport is operated by ENAIRE, located in Madrid, Spain. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and is located in the city of New Jersey. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a flowering plant which is a division of flowering plants. It is a type of flowering plants and is a member of the Commelinids order. 
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who is associated with the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Kids Imagine Nation band. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and Brian Robertson is a trombonist. 
Solo singer, Aaron Deer, is from Indiana, Indiana. He is a solo singer. 
Aaron Turner began his career in 1995 and is associated with Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters band. He is associated with the musical artist Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters. 
Aaron Turner, who began his career in 1995, is associated with the musical artist Twilight and the Lotus Eaters. He is a post metal musician. 
Aaron Turner, who began his career in 1995, is associated with Old Man Gloom and the band Twilight. He is a post metal musician. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar and is associated with the band Twilight. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is associated with Mamiffer and is a member of Mamiffer. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. He was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is a solo singer. He is a solo singer and performs Guarania music. 
Al Anderson, who began his career in 1966, is a member of the band NRBQ and is associated with The Wildweeds. He was born in Windsor, Connecticut. 
Alan Frew is a rock musician whose genre is rock music. The musical fusion genre of rock music is bhangra. Rock music has its origins in blues and blues music. 
Born in 1914 in the United States, a solo singer, a solo singer, was born in the United States. 
Solo singer, Albuennie Jones, is a solo singer. The genre of rhythm and blues is rhythm and blues which originated from bluess. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues. 
A solo singer, Aleksandra Kovac, was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a pop musician whose genre is pop music. 
Apolonia Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs pop music. 
A solo singer, Aleksandra Kovac, was born in Belgrade in 1972. He is a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music. 
Alex Day began his career in 2006. He is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit. He is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell. 
Alex Day is a solo singer whose genre is Syntthpop, which has its origins in pop music. The genre is a derivative of house music and is a derivative of house music. 
Alison O'Donnell began his career in 1963 and is associated with the musical artist Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She is a folk musician. 
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records and London. He is signed to the record label, Deram Records, London. 
Rock musician and band Galactic, and Billy Iuso are both associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. 
Rock musician and musician, and Billy Iuso, is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
Andrew Rayel is a trance musician who is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. He is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. 
Andrew Rayel, who began his career in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. 
Andrew Rayel is a performer of the genre of Trance music, which has its origins in pop music. He is associated with John Digweed and associated with the musical artist, John Digweed. 
Andrew White began his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs. He is signed to Polydor Records and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. 
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asunción, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artist, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in England and was led by the Labour Party in UK. The city is part of Greater Manchester. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and the people are called Uruguayans. 
Alan Bean was an American who was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on August 1st 1974. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. 
Alan Bean was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott and backup pilot Alfred Worden. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is part of Essesex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States, where Buzz Aldrin is a national. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927 and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis. 
Elliot See was a test pilot who studied at the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
Elliot See died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He died in St Louis on 28th February 1966. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 and was a member of the Apollo 8 crew along with the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. He was a member of the Apollo 8 mission which was commanded by Frank Borman. 
Abel Hernández plays for Penarol and is a member of the Central Español club, played for the Central Español club. He is also a member of the Central Espanol club. Steve Bruce is the manager of the club. 
Abel Hernández plays for Penarol and is a member of the Serie A league. He is a member of the youth club Peñarol and is managed by Giuseppe Iachini. 
Adam McQuaid, who plays for the Boston Bruins, based in Columbus, Ohio, was drafted with the Boston Bruins who are managed by Don Sweeney. 
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and formerly played for the New England Patriots. He was a member of the New England Patriots and was formerly played for the New England Patriots. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is a member of the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor. The manager of the SC is Amar Osim. 
Alan Martin plays football for the club Clyde FC which is managed by Barry Ferguson. He also plays for the club Accrington Stanley FC. 
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays forHamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC. He is 185.42 cm tall and plays for the club,Hamilton Academical FC. 
Alan Martin plays football for the club Motherwell FC whose ground is Fir Park. He is a footballer for the club, Motherwell F.C. whose manager is Barry Ferguson. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki. He also plays for FC Samtredia, which is located at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club which is located at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The club is located at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais which is chairman of Jean-Michel Aulas. 
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 9, 1989. He plays for Anyang Halla and was a member of the club Anyang Halla. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and Black Canadians are an ethnic group. The national anthem of Canada is Canada. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the Slavey language is spoken. The country's national anthem is Canada. 
Alan Martin plays football for Barrow A.F.C. and is a footballer for the club Barrow A.F.C. whose manager is Barry Ferguson. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. He also plays for FC Samtredia, which is located at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valerery Petrakov and played in the Russian Premier League. The club is based in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and the manager is Valerery Petrakov. 
Akeem Dent, whose debutant team is the Atlanta Falcons, is a member of the Houston Texans who are owned by Bob McNair. He also played for the Houston Texans who are based in Atlanta. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for SV Werder Bremen II. He also plays for SV Werder Bremen II in the Bundesliga. Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Werder Bremen. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. The country's leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. The capital of South Africa is Cape Town. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The city Council governs Cleveland City Council. 
The building of 250 Delaware Avenue, which began in January 2014, has 12 floors and a postmodern style of postmodern architecture. It has 12 floors and a floor area of30843.8 square metres. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago. 
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of the country is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and the leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of the city is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and the leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and is located in Copenhagen, Denmark. The hotel has 23 floors and Marriott International as tenant. 
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN and it is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. The hotel is owned by Bella Center and the tenant is Marriott International. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka and is designed by Tudor and Jacabian. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil. 
The Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1927 and is designed with Tudor Revival style. It was completed in 1931. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan, where the Filipinos are an ethnic group. 
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia and is located in Virginia. The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern and the current tenants are the Mason School of Business. 
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business, located in Virginia, United States. The Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 and was completed on 1 June 2009. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The country's leader is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan is a leader. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India and is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the country's leader is T S Thakur. 
The Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in San Francisco and designed the significant buildings of Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Asilomar State Beach. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the Riverside Art Museum and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. New York City is part of Manhattan and New Netherland is part of New Netherland. 
The architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, has the postcode area of B and is led by the Labour politician John Clancy. The postcode area is 103 Colmore Row. 
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia where the city is located and the city is located in Addiis Ababa. The city is located in Addiis Ababa, which is part of the Addiis Ababa Stadium. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader and Washington DC is the capital. The leader of the United States is the President of the United States. 
The celestial body known as (1911255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of8788850000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has a mass of 5.6 kgs and an orbital period of8788850000.0. Its perapsis is 6155910000000.0. 
The celestial body known as (1911255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of8788850000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km per sec. Its epoch date is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of8788850000.0 and its perapsis is 6155910000000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 36029 days and an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second. It has an apoapsis of254989570.60815 kilometres and an apoapsis of254989570.60815 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 36029 days and an apoapsis of254989570.60815 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of254989570.60815 kilometres and an orbital period of 36029 days. 
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27 June 2015. It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. Its perapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres and its perapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and died in Gottingen. 
Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf, studied at the University of Gottingen and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He was a doctoral student at Halton Arp and was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. 
James Craig Watson, aCanadian national, was discovered by James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was born in Canada on 27th August 2011. 
James Craig Watson, aCanadian national, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and pertonitis. 
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an apoapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which was discovered on 01/03/1901. He died in Chennai. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of135589000.0. Its perapsis is 2791422000000.0 and its perapsis is 2791422000000.0. 
The celestial body known as1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of179942000.0. It has a mass of 2.7 kgs and an apoapsis of 349206000000.0. 
Abilene is part of Texas, United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the language spoken is English. 
Albanny is part of Georgia in the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and Albanny is located in Georgia. 
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albanny is part of Oregon, Salem is the capital. Albanny is part of Oregon, which is part of Oregon. 
The total area of Albuquerque, New Mexico is490.9 square kilometres and has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 505, 575 and it has a total area of490.9 square kilometres. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The state Assembly is the leader of Anaheim, which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area. 
The total area of Angola, Indiana is 16.55 square kilometres and is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is home to the Native Americans and is the location of the country. 
Antioch, California has a total area of 75324 square kilometres and a total area of 75324 square kilometres. It has a UTC offset of -7 and a total area of 75324 square kilometres. 
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and has a total area of4.14 square kilometres. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4.14 square kilometres. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a total area of77.41 square kilometres and is located in Pierce County, Washington. 
The city of Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States, where Washington DC is the capital. The country is the location of Auburn, part of King County, Washington. 
The total area of Austin, Texas is 703.95 square kilometres and has a population density of1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 512 and it has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres. 
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, where the language is Spanish. The city is part of the San Francisco Bay Area and they speak Spanish. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the city of Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the city is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana. 
The United States is the location of Albany, Linn County, Oregon and is located in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The United States is the location of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, which is part of Summit County, Ohio. The capital of the United States is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups in the country are Native Americans. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Albanny, Dougherty County, Georgia. The country is home to Americans and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Akron, Summit County, Ohio. The country is home to Asian Americans and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the language is English and the country is the location of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana. 
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress and is located in Anaheim, California. The country is led by the United States House of Representatives which is part of the United States Congress. English is spoken in the United States. 
The creator of bananaman was Steve Bright and was first aired on 3rd October 1983. It was broadcast by STV and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. 
The comic character,Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Puerto Rican. 
The American Duncan Rouleau was a creator of the film Big Hero 6, which starred Damon Wayans Jr. 
The American Duncan Rouleau was a creator of the film Big Hero 6, which starred Jamie Chung. 
The American Duncan Rouleau was a creator of the film Big Hero 6, which starred Maya Rudolph. 
The United States is the location of AmeriGas, located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, which is located in the North American Eastern Time Zone. The total area of the United States is9833516.63 square kilometres and the total area is 9833516.63 square kilometres. 
The United States, which was founded on July 4,1776, has a total area of9833516.63 square kilometres and is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The country is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. 
Chinabank was founded on August 16th, 1920 and has a net income of 15100000000. It has 295 employees and 295 employees. 
The GMA New Media is a entertainment company located in Quezon City and is affiliated with the Philippine Entertainment Portal. The company is located in Quezon City and makes web sites. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media, located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. The company is located in the Philippines and offers mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company which was founded on 01-01-1901. It is a type of S.A. company. The company is a subsidiary of healthcare and is a key person at CEO. 
Hypermarcas is a food found in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court and they produce drugs. 
Hypermarcas, a company which produces healthcare, is located in Sao Paulo and has a total of 10252 employees. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from the region of Andalusia, Spain. It includes bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain and is also known as Ajo blanco. It is also known as Ajo blanco. 
The dish Arem-arem is a dish from Javanese cuisine and it has a variation of Lemper. It contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. 
The main course of Arem-arem is a main course and is a main course. It is a main course and it is more specific to Java. It contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. 
The main ingredients of Arrocciata sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and Rome. It is a dish from Rome and Italy. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain and is a dish from the region of Catalonia. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain and is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain and is a traditional dish from Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and is also known as Asam padeh. It is also known as asam padeh and is also found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malays are an ethnic group in Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Sumatra. 
The main ingredient of the bacon explosion is bacon, which is a food found in the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Sausage is an ingredient in the explosion. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and Washington DC is the capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the country. 
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, and bacon muffin. 
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. It is also served as a variation of the BLT and is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. 
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It is a popular sandwich in the UK and is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding and are found in France, United States or China. It is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding and are found in the United States. It is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong. 
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a dish from the region of Derbyshire. Frangipane is an ingredient in the dish. 
Bakewell pudding is a dessert which is a dessert variation of Bakewell tart. It is a dessert which can be found in the Derbyshire Dales region. Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs are main ingredients. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. It is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in the dish. 
The main ingredients of the bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish is a Colombian cuisine and is a traditional dish from the Colombian cuisine. 
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and Siomay. It is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish variation of Siomay. 
The dish Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish from Indonesia. Siomay and Shiitake are variations of the dish. 
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are:Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. It is a dish found in Indonesia and is found in Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are:Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. It is a dish nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are:Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. It is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. 
The alternative name of bhajji is Bhaji, bajji and it is a food found in India. It includes gram flour and vegetables. 
Bhajji is a dish from the country of India, where the leader is Narendra Modi and the leader is Vajubhai Vala. 
Bhajji is a dish from the country of India, where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala. 
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is coconut milk and is from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is a dish from the Philippines and includes sweet potatoes. 
Bionico is a food found in the region of Guadalajara, Mexico. It includes chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. 
Sandesh is a dessert which is a dessert that is a dish from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. The dish is served as a dessert. 
Bakso is a Chinese cuisine which is located in Indonesia. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and the language is Indonesian. 
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini. The country is the country's capital city and the language is Italian. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Rome is the capital and Sergio Mattarella is the leader. Rome is the capital of Italy. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the language is English and the ethnic group is Banyumasan. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from the country of Java where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the banyumasan people are an ethnic group. 
The Philippines is the country of Batchoy. The country is where the language is Philippine Spanish and the ethnic group is Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino. 
Arros negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the euro. The country is led by Felipe VI and the ethnic group is Spaniards. 
The 1955 Dodge is owned by Dodge and has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. It has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches. 
The DeSoto Custom, which is a related means of transport to the 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Firedome, is manufactured by DeSoto. The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Firedome. 
The AIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a ship beam of 32.2 and was made on March 22nd 2009. It has a length of 252 millimetres and a ship beam of 32.2. 
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is253260.0 millimetres long. It is owned by Costa Crociere and has a ship beam of 32.2. 
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. 
TheAIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and was built on May 1950 and August 1956. It has a length of17068.8 millimetres and a V12 engine. 
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon style body style. It has a AMC V8 engine and is also known as American Motors Matador. 
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a straight-6 engine. It is also known as the American Motors Matador. 
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a straight-6 engine. It is a full-size car with a straight-6 engine. 
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon style body style. It has a V8 engine and is also known as VAM Classic. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was produced in 1958 and has a straight four engine. It has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and a straight four engine. 
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle assembled at Marysville Auto Plant and has a front engine design. It is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. 
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built in Finland and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a ship beam of 21.2m and a ship beam of 21.2. 
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built in Finland and was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2m. 
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built in Helsinki, Finland and was built in Helsinki. It has a ship beam of 21.2m. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. The leader of Finland is Sauli Niinisto and the leader is Juha Sipilä. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight four engine and is related to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight four engine and is related to the Lancia Thema. It is related to the Alfa Romeo 164, which is related to the Lancia Thema. 
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which was succeeded by Eagle and was succeeded by Eagle. The key person of American Motors is Roy D Chapin Jr. 
The American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h and a ship beam of 3.8m. It was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 km. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its final flight was on the 28th of October 2014. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It is a 1.2 litres engine and has a 5 speed manual transmission. 
The Audi A1 is a division of Audi e-tron and was founded by August Horch. The Audi A1 is a subsidiary of Ducati and is a subsidiary of the Ducati. 
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California and is owned by AIDA Cruises located in Rostock. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and is located in Illinois. The company is located in Illinois. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. 
The American submarine NR-1 was built by the General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton, Connecticut and was built by the General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton, Connecticut. It has a ship beam of 3.8m. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is located in Rostock, Germany. The leader of the country is Andreas Voßkuhle. 
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington DC. The Star Spangled Banner is the nationalanthem of the United States. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Cumberland County to its north and Cumberland County to its north. Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which is southeast of Carroll County, Maryland. It is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the National Assembly is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and was award of the Purple Heart. 
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was award of the Purple Heart. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. He was a member of the House of Representatives and graduated from Leiden University. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Mirii, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Kuching. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. 
Adenan Satem was born in Kuching and was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He resides in Kuching and resides in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. 
Adenan Satem was born in Sarawak and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and was succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. 
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Francisco Franco was predecessor. He was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was a monarch. 
Abel Caballero was born in Galiciacia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies and was born in the Spanicia state. 
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteeareas, Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport. He was born in Ponteeareas in Spain. 
Abner W. Sibal was born inRidgewood, Queens and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States. He was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. 
A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked at the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was succeeded by John N Dempsey. 
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell was a commander. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and was a member of the Gulf War where Adam Holloway was a member of the Grenadier Guards. 
Adam Koc was a national of Poland, where the Kashubian language is spoken. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Adam Koc was a national of Poland, where the language spoken is Polish. He fought in the Polish-Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Adam Koc was a national of Poland, where the language spoken is Polish. He fought in the Polish-Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was a commander. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Makiis Voridis. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. He was in office while Antoniis Samaras was Prime Minister and the colour of the country is blue. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and started his career on March 4th 1974. He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia on 3rd July 1941. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico, United States. 
Rear Admiral, Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20,1891. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Born in Imst, Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary. He died in Styria, Austria. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hungary and died in Graz, Graz, Graz. 
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips was a member of the United States Army which fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. 
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was Governor of Texas. He was Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin is from Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. He is a member of the Whig Party in the United States, where Daniel Webster is the leader. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and is a member of the Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. 
The United States is the country of the birthplace of A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut. He was married to Ruth Ribicoff and was succeeded by Ruth Ribicoff. 
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of A.C. Chievo Verona, Italy. It has 39371 members and played in Serie A in 2014-15. 
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. He is a manager of A.C. Chievo Verona. He is a member of the club Cararese Calcio and is also a member of the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. 
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and Torino F.C. 
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the language is Greek and the leader is Alexis Tsipras. The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis and the leader is Alexis Tsipras. 
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910, which is located in Italy and has 5300 members. Their ground is located in Italy and it played in the 2014 season. 
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910, which has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season. The ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti and it has a ground of Stadio Pietro Barbetti. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and has 19238 members. It is located at Stadio Armando Picchi and played in the Serie B season in 2014. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and played in Serie A in 2014-15. 
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. The AZAL Arena is located in the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan. 
AZAL PFK, whose ground is the AZAL Arena, play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are the champions. 
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, owned by Robert Eenhoorn. He plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.Ş. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. 
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. The club is a league where they play in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. 
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault" and managed by Denzil Antonio. The team has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. The league is based in the Premier Development League which has K-W United FC as its champions. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The country is the location of A.S. Gubbio 1910. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the official language is Italian. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the leader is Pietro Grasso. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which is located in Stadio Olimpico and play in Serie A. The champions of the Serie A are Juventus FC. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland and has 100 academic staff. The dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. It is located in Switzerland where the leader is the Federal Chancellor. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Mendrisio, which was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is located in Bangalore, India. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the Germans of Romania are an ethnic group and the capital is Bucharest. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is located in the country of Denmark. 
The book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was followed by "Ring of Fire II" which is written in English and was followed by "Ring of Fire II". The book was written by David Weber. 
The book "1634: The Ram Rebellion" was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins and is published in the UK where Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital city is London and the leader is Elizabeth II. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173. It is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. 
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and was followed by The Secret Scripture. 
A Severed Wasp is printed in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the OCLC number 0-67-26131-8. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and OCLC number 8805735. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and has the OCLC number 8805735. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number of318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The Addiction journal, which has the abbreviated discipline of Addiction, has the ISSN number 1360-0443 and the LCCN number 93645978. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornelell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviated discipline of Math and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has an ISSN number of 1080-6377. 
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviated discipline of Math. It has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the abbreviated discipline of Math and its ISSN number is 1080-6377. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken and the language is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and the language is English. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. The language spoken in the United States is English and the language is spoken in Great Britain. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is a leader and Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain. The language spoken in the United States is English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the language spoken is English. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in the United States is English and the leader isBarack Obama. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States. The airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0. 
The Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. It is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name 17R/35L. It has a length of 2194.0 and a ICAO location identifier of KABI. 
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name 14L/32R. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. The airport has the ICAO location identifier VIAG and is led by Ram Naik. 
The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station and is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are aircraft fighters. The United States Air Force was involved in the invasion of Panama and the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighters. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the Lockheed AC-130 are aircraft fighters. The United States Air Force was involved in battles in the Korean War and the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighters are the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Grenada. The aircraft carriers of the United States Air Force are the Lockheed AC-130 Hercules and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Grenada. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and Lockheed AC-130 are aircraft carriers. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore, Pakistan. The airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is located in Pakistan. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves Andrews, Texas. It is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway name 11/29 and a length of 89.6. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and the capital is Austin. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas. Texans are the ethnic group of Texas. 
The location of the airport is Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, in the country ofAngola. It is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda. 
The runway length of the airport is 4000.0 and is 159 metres above sea level. It is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province,Angola. 
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12.0 metres above sea level. It is operated by the Flemish Region of Mobility and Public Works. 
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway name 3/21. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, which is part of Menasha, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Menasha, Wisconsin. 
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport in New Zealand. It is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. It is made of Poaceae and has a runway name 03R/21L. 
The operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport is Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway name 12R/30L. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and a length of 1873.0. The airport has the ICAO location identifier KACY and a runway name of 4/22. 
The Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Charles Michel and the German language is spoken. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and is 23.0 metres above sea level. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain and is 610 metres above sea level. It is located in Madrid, Spain and has a runway length of 3500. 
Aaron Bertram is a singer with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Kids Imagine Nation. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Brian Robertson. Ska punk is a musical origin of punk rock. 
Aaron Deer is a solo singer who is from the United States and is a solo singer. He is associated with Wee Giant and is associated with the band Wee Giant. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is associated with Mamiffer and House of Low Culture. He is a member of the House of Low Culture and is associated with Mamiffer. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar and is associated with the band Greymachine. He is associated with the band Greymachine and the musical artist Greymachine. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner, who began his career in 1995, is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and is a member of the Lotus Eaters band. He is from Massachusetts and he is a member of the Lotus Eaters band. 
Abradab, a singer from Poland, began his career in 1994 and is associated with the musical artist Kaliber 44 and Magik. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He was a solo singer and was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. The country is home to the ethnic group of Mestizo and the leader is Juan Afara. 
The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun is rhythm and blues which originated from bluess and is a derivative of disco. The country's ethnic group is African Americans. 
Born in 1923 in Washington DC, United States, he is a non performing personnel. He is a non performing personnel and is a non performing personnel. 
Alan Frew is a solo singer whose genre is rock music. Rock music has its origins in Blues and country music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of rock music. 
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Canada and is a solo singer. He was a musician who was born in Coatbridge, Canada. 
Alex Day, who began his career in 2006, was born in London Borough of Havering. He is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell and the Chameleon Circuit. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, where the Labour Party is the leader. He died in Sidcup, London. The Labour Party is the leader of London, where the European Parliament is the leader. 
Solo singer,Alfredo Zitarrosa, is signed to the record label RCA Records and is associated with the musical artist Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Pérez. He is associated with the musical artist Ciro Pérez and Ciro Pérez. 
Alison O'Donnell, who began his career in 1963, is associated with the musical artist Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She is associated with the musical artist Mellow Candle and Mellow Candle. 
The musical genre of the musical genre of and blues, and his career began in 1989, is rhythm and blues. He is associated with Tab Benoit and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
The guitarist and guitarist, and guitarist, is a guitarist. He is signed to the label Okeh Records and is associated with Johnny Sansone. Bhangra is a fusion genre of rock music. 
The solo singer and singer, and a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. She is a solo singer. 
The solo singer, and rhythm and blues singer, was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. He is a solo singer and a solo singer. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. 
Andrew White began his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and Polydor Records. He is associated with the musical artist, Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artist, Bobina and Christian Burns. 
Allen Forrest was born on February 4, 1981 and is a hip hop musician whose origins are disco and disco. The derivative of hip hop music is dum and bass. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, in Asuncion. He was a member of the Spanish language and died in Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara and the ethnic group is Mestizo. He died in Asunción, Gran Asunción. 
Al Anderson is a rock musician who plays the guitar. Rock music has its origins in the country and bluess. Bhangra is a fusion genre of rock music. 
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is black metal, which is a musical fusion of death metal. He is associated with the band House of Low Culture and is associated with the musical artist House of Low Culture. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The country's leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and the leader is Daniel Martinez. The language spoken in Uruguay is Spanish. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Montevideo is Tabaré Vázquez and the politician Daniel Martinez is the leader of Montevideo. The country is home to the people of Uruguay. 
Alan Bean was an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California on July 21st 1998. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and was a member of the Apollo 14 mission. 
Alan Bean was a member of NASA's Apollo 12 mission which was a crew member of NASA. He was in space with Alfred Worden and David Scott was a commander. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was a student at the University of Texas system and is affiliated with the University of Texas System. The president of the University of Texas at Austin is Gregory L Fenves. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and is affiliated with the University of Texas System. The University of Texas is affiliated with the University of Texas System. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 and was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew which was commanded by Frank Borman and was a commander in Frank Borman. 
Akeem Dent, whose debutant team is the Atlanta Falcons, based in Atlanta, is a member of the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Atlanta. The Falcons are owned by Arthur Blank. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is a member of the Qatar Stars League. He plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim. 
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a member of the Soviet Union national football team and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valerery Petrakov. He also plays for the Soviet Union national football team. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow. He plays for FC Terek Grozny, which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow and also for FC Terek Grozny. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and plays for A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. He is in Serie A and the manager is Siniša Mihajlović. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italian national under 17 football team and is currently in the club U.C. Sampdoria. He is currently in the Italian national under 17 football team and is managed by Siniša Mihajlović. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Terek Grozny, which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and also for FC Terek Grozny. 
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. which is located in Palo Seco. He is a member of the United Petrotrin FC which is managed by Thomas Doll and is managed by Gábor Kubatov. 
Akeem Ayers, whose debutant team is the Los Angeles Rams who are based in Los Angeles, where Mike Mularkey is the coach. He also played for the Los Angeles Rams who are based in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II. The capital is London and the currency is the pound sterling. 
250 Delaware Avenue, built in January 2014, has 12 floors and a cost of 110 million dollars. It is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and it has 60 floors. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of the country is Dáil Éireann and the location is the Live Nation Entertainment. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka and is located at St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka. It is located in Sri Lanka and has Tudor and Jacabian style. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's leader is Tarō Asō and the country's leader is Tarō Asō. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the Legislative Assembly is the leader of India. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where the leader is T S Thakur and the Legislative Assembly is the leader. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where the leader is Austin Fernando and the leader is Austin Fernando. The Hospital has 476 beds and is located in the country. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the significant buildings of the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and Hearst Castle. He also designed the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the Riverside Art Museum and Chinatown, San Francisco. He also designed the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle. 
The Architectural style of the Asilomar Conference Grounds is Arts and Crafts movement and was constructed in 1913. It is located in Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823. 
The Romanesque Revival architecture style of Asser Levy Public Baths was constructed in 1904 and is located on 23rd Street in Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street in Manhattan and has the reference number 80002709. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States. The leader of New York City is Gale Brewer and the country is part of New York. 
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the postcode area is B and the governing body is the Birmingham City Council. The city is led by Andrew Mitchell and the postcode area is the postcode area. 
Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in the country of Addiis Ababa, which is part of the Addiis Ababa Stadium. The city Hall is located in Addiis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the United States is the President and English is the language spoken. 
The United States is led by the President and is home to White Americans and is led by Joe Biden. The country is home to 250 Delaware Avenue. 
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is on November 4th 2013 and has an orbital period of 36029 days. It has an apoapsis of 25255070.60815 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 25255070.60815 kilometres and an apoapsis of 25255070.60815 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0.0, an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0. 
The American James Craig Watson was born on August 15,1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was a student at the University of Michigan and was a Canadian national. 
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. He died from pertonitis. 
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He studied at the University of Gottingen and was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage. 
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at Halton Arp and Allan Sandage. 
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was a national of England and was discovered on 17 November 1868. 
The epoch date of1089 Tama is 26 November 2005. It has an orbital period of1202.846 days and an apoapsis of373513000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec and an apoapsis of373513000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of135589000.0. It has a mass of9.8 kgs and an apoapsis of511592000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an escape velocity of0.21 km per sec. It has a surface area of837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. 
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. 
Abilene is part of Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Albany, Georgia, in the U.S. where English is spoken. The country is home to Asian Americans and the country is home to the Asian Americans. 
The total area of Albuquerque, New Mexico is490.9 square kilometres and it has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 505, 575 and it has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. 
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol and is led by Tom Tait. The country is where the language spoken is Spanish. 
The Democratic Party (United States) has its headquarters in Washington DC and is the leader of the country of Indiana. Indiana is part of Indiana, where Indiana is part of Indiana. Indiana is part of Indiana. 
The total area of the state of Indiana is 107.43 square kilometres and it has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is 268.0 above sea level and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. 
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The country's language is Chinese and it has a total area of 75324 square kilometres. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States, where Washington DC is the capital. The city seat is Covington and the state seat is Covington. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The county seat of Lee County is Opelika. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Houston. The County seat of Texas is Georgetown and the Spanish language is spoken. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the largest city in Indiana is and the state is part of the state of Indiana, United States. 
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where the largest city is Houston. The state is the location of Arlington, which is part of Fort Worth, Texas. English is spoken in Texas. 
The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Fort Worth.Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where the largest city is Fort Worth. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The state is located in Tarrant County, Texas. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Albany, Dougherty County, Georgia. The country is led by the Mayor and is led by the Mayor. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The United States is home to Americans and is home to Albanny, Linn County, Oregon. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Akron, Summit County, Ohio. Washington DC is the capital of the United States. The country is home to Native Americans and the capital is Washington DC. 
The United States is led by the President and is home to Americans and is the location of the country of the country. The country is located in Steuben County, Indiana. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the language is English. The country is the location of Albany, part of Benton County, Oregon. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the language is English. The country is the location of Albany, Oregon, part of Oregon. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The County seat of Alabama is Opelika. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans. 
The United States is led by the Albuquerque City Council and is led by the Albuquerque City Council. The country is home to Native Americans and the language is English. The leader of the United States isBarack Obama. 
The United States is home to Americans and is home to the Native Americans. The country is the location of the country of Indiana, Indiana. The country is home to the Native Americans and is the location of the country. 
The United States is led by the President and is home to Asian Americans and is home to the country of Albany, Georgia. The country is located in the United States, where the people are called Americans and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The capital of Washington state is Olympia and the largest city in King County, Washington, United States. The state is part of King County, Washington, which is part of the state of Washington. 
The BBC broadcast bananaman, created by John Geering, was first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was broadcast by BBC. It was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. 
The American Duncan Rouleau is an American and his character is Big Hero 6, which starred Scott Adsit. 
Chinabank was founded inManila on August 16, 1920. It has 295 locations and a net income of 15100000000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media, a mass media company located in the GMA Network Center. The company was founded on January 1, 2000 and is located at the GMA Network Center. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company founded on 01-01-1901. It is located in Brazil, where the population density is 23.8. It is a company which is a subsidiary of cosmetics. 
Trane is a subsidiary company founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland. It has 29,000 employees and is located in Europe. 
Trane is a subsidiary company that produces building management systems and is located in Swords, Dublin. It has a net income of $556,300,000 and a net income of $556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. It is also known as Ajo blanco and contains bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. 
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. It is a traditional dish from Lazio and has tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil as its main ingredients. 
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Javanese cuisine. The country's leader is Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. 
Arrocciata sauce is from Italy, where Italians live and the capital is Rome. The country is led by Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian. 
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and the leader is Ximo Puig. Spaniards are the people of Spain. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kua Lumpur and the Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. The Malay Peninsula is the location of the dish. 
The dish Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and is found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. It is served hot and is served hot. It is served hot and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore. 
The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. The dish comes from Indonesia and includes the main ingredients:squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia and is a food found in Indonesia. The main ingredient of the dish is chicken and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the leader isBarack Obama. The country is home to White Americans and the language is English. 
The country of Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader and the capital city is Washington DC. The country is home to Asian Americans and the language is English. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong, where the leader is Carrie Lam and the leader is Carrie Lam. The French language is spoken in France. 
The Colombian dish bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It is a traditional dish from the Colombian cuisine and is a member of the Rosids order. 
Barny cakes are a food found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Gérard Larcher and the leader is Claude Bartolone. The country is led by Claude Bartolone and the leader is Claude Bartolone. 
Barny cakes are created by the Mondelez International founded in Chicago and created by the creator of Barny cakes. The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and French is spoken there. 
Bhajji is a food found in the country of India, where the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan. The country is home to Indian people and the country's leader is Sumitra Mahajan. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is a dessert which comes from the Visayas region. 
Bionico is a dessert served in the country of Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto and the language is Spanish. The dish comes from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. 
Bionico is a dessert which is a dessert which is served in the country of Mexico where the leader is Silvavano Aureoles Conejo. The dish is served as a dessert. Cookies are variations of cookie. 
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico, where the leader is Silvavano Aureoles Conejo. It is a dessert served as a dessert. 
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta and the language is Indonesian. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the country's leader is Joko Widodo. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the capital city is Jakarta. The country is led by Jusuf Kalla and Jusuf Kalla. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Italians live and the capital is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and Laura Boldrini. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is English. The country is led by Halimah Yacob and the ethnic group is Banyumasan people. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is Standard Chinese. The country is led by Halimah Yacob and the ethnic group is Banyumasan people. 
The Ilocano people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where the official language is Philippine English and the Ilocano people are one of the ethnic groups. The country is also where the Ilocano people are among the ethnic groups. 
The country of Singapore is where the language is English and the leader is Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob. The country is also where the dish is eaten nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from the region of Andalusia, Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and Susana Diaz is the leader of Spain. Spaniards are the people of Spain. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the euro. The country is led by Spaniards and the leader is Felipe VI. 
The AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 38.892 km/h. It is operated by AIDA Cruises and has a 32.2 beam. 
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has 12 cylinders and was built on May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a length of17068.8 millimetres. 
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a AMC V8 engine. It is a station wagon with a station wagon. 
The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long and is owned by the P&O company. The company is owned by the company, Samaruda Brothers and is 63800.0 millimetres long. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres and its final flight was on the 18th of September 2013. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. 
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket, which was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Vandenberg Air Force Base. The Delta II is from the United States and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. 
The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured theAriane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its final flight was on August 18, 2009. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and was launched from the Guiana Space Centre. 
The European Space Agency manufactured theAriane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres and was launched from the ELA-3 launch site. It was launched from the ELA-3 launch site and had its final flight on the 27th of September 2003. 
The Aston Martin Virage, which is related to the Aston Martin DBS, was assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, which is a related means of transport. 
The Atlas II, from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diameter of3.04m and its final flight was on March 16th 1998. 
The Audi A1 is a supermini body style and is assembled in Brussels, Belgium. It has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout and a 1.2 litre engine. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and is owned by AIDA Cruises. The company is located in Illinois, Illinois. 
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises. The company is located in Genoa and is owned by Costa Crociere, which is owned by Carnival Corporation & plc. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket is similar to the Delta II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket is similar to the Delta II, which was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. 
The A Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is located in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is located in Rostock, Germany. The country's leader is Stanislaw Tillich and the people are called Germans. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is similar to the Delta II. The rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which is associated with the Minotaur V. 
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and White Americans are an ethnic group. The country's national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner and the country's national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County has Franklinlin County to its west and Cumberland County to its north.Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the Prime Minister is Artur Rasizade. The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is located in Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the commander is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku and is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It is located in the country and is located in the red granite and white marble. The native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It is located in the country and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Adenan Satem was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem. He resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office during the Nigerian Army, was succeeded by Oladipo Diya and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. 
American American, Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare party. He was born in New York City and died in New York City. 
American, American, Abraham A Ribicoff, was born in Chicago and died in the United States. The country's nationality is American and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge. He was a member of the Parliament for Gravesham and graduated from the Grenadier Guards. He began his career on 5th May 2005. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. He was a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, where the leader is Mark Rutte and the leader is Mark Rutte. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and worked as a member of the Parliamentary group leader. He is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, where the leader is Mark Rutte and the leader is Emile Roemer. 
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte and is led by Emile Roemer. The country's leader is Mark Rutte and the colour is red. 
Albert B White was born in Marietta, Ohio and was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland. He died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was born in Bloomington, Maryland. 
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where the language spoken is Spanish. He died in Argentina, where the leader is Gabriela Michetti and the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature. 
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where the language spoken is Spanish. He died in Argentina, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature. 
Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20,1891. He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Alvah Sabin, who began his career on March 4th,1853, was a member of the Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was a member of the state of Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and was born in Georgia. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, where Henry Clay is the leader. He died in Sycamore, Illinois and was born in Sycamore, Illinois. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, where Daniel Webster is the leader. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. He is a member of the United States where the largest city is Burlington. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and was succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister and was Prime Minister. He was Prime Minister while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria, where the language is Austrian German and he died in Graz. The leader of Austria is Doris Bures. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. The euro is the currency of the Netherlands. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and is a footballer for Chesterfield FC. He is also a member of the Chesterfield FC and is a member of the Chesterfield FC. Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool. 
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and also for Chelsea FC. He plays in the Superleague Greece where the champions are Olympiacos FC. 
The club Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, located in Alagoas, Brazil. The club is based in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which has Vila Nova Futebol Clube as its champions. 
The club Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, located in Arapiraca, Brazil. The club is based in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which has Vila Nova Futebol Clube as its champions. 
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica and has 17000 members. The club is located in Brazil and has Vila Nova Futebol Clube as its champions. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland and has 600 students and 100 academic staff. The dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, which is southeast of Telangana and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students and is located in Bangalore, India. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and the capital is Bucharest. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 737 academic staff. 
The book "A Long Long Way" was written in Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group and is published by Faber and Faber. The book is published by Faber and Faber. 
The book "A Long Long Way" was written in Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group and was followed by The Secret Scripture, published by Faber and Faber. It was followed by The Secret Scripture, published by Faber and Faber. 
The book Above the Veil was written in Australia and was followed by The Violet Keystone and Into Battle. The novel was followed by The Violet Keystone and the novel Into Battle. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornelell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornelell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and African Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Joe Biden is the leader and English is spoken. The country is the location of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. The country is led by Joe Biden and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom where the capital city is London and the leader is David Cameron and Elizabeth II is the leader. The language spoken in the country is English. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins, which is affiliated with Wolters Kluwer. The country is led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron. 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is spoken in the United States. 
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader isBarack Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States and was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. He was a retired American. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He was a crew member of NASA and retired on August 1, 1974. He was a member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was awarded the American Defense Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He was awarded the American Defense Service Medal, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died on July 21st 1998 in California. 
The fighter pilot, Buzz Aldrin, Jr., was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a student at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of Apollo 11. 
Born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 11. 
The fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a member of the Apollo 11 mission which was a crew member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Dallas on 28 February 1966. He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927. He died in St Louis. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and was a fighter pilot. He retired on 1st September 1969. He was a member of Apollo 8 and retired on 1st September 1969. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company located in Brazil and is a subsidiary of drugs. It was founded on 01-01-1901. It is a subsidiary of the pharmaceutical company. The company is a subsidiary of the company and is located in Brazil. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin on January 1, 1913. It has 29,000 employees and a revenue of $10,264,000,000. It was produced by HVAC and has an operating income of875,400,000. 
The bronze Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and Ankara is the capital. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is located in Baku and is located in the country. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the commander is Artur Rasizade. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland, United States and was established on 11 July 1907. It is categorised as a historic district in the United States and is owned by the National Park Service. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann and the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is located in Bangalore, India. The director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and the president is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Arabian Sea to its west. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The Institute was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The country is home to the Arabian Sea. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest. The national leader of Romania is Prime Minister and the patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 737 academic staff. It is affiliated with the European University Association. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot and was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which is operated by NASA. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12 mission where David Scott was a commander. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California. He was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He was a US national and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. 
Alan Shepard was a US national who was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. He was a test pilot and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was a test pilot and was a test pilot. He was a test pilot and died in California. He was a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States, Buzz Aldrin, Jr., was a fighter pilot and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of the Apollo 11 mission and retired. 
The American born Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essesex County, New Jersey. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He was a member of the Apollo 11 mission along with William Anders as backup pilot. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. 
The NASA operated Apollo 11 which was located in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a retired. 
The fighter pilot, Buzz Aldrin, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 which was a crew member of NASA. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 along with William Anders as backup pilot. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the University of Texas System. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He was a test pilot and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and was a fighter pilot. He retired on September 1st 1969. 
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company located in Sao Paulo and makes healthcare products. The company has a net income of 108,600,000 and a subsidiary of Mantecorp. It is located in Sao Paulo. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality ofGettysburg and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in the National Assembly. The memorial is located in Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The National Assembly is the location of the memorial. The memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute is located in Bangalore, India. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The campus is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has a runway of Ganges and is 250 academic staff. The country's largest city is Mumbai. The country's largest city is Mumbai. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. The national anthem is Desteapta-te, române! The national anthem is Desteapta-te, române! and the national anthem is Desteapta-te, române! 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. 
