SacreBLEU: BLEU = 51.70 100.0/71.4/50.0/20.0 (BP = 1.000 ratio = 1.000 hyp_len = 8 ref_len = 8) 
NLTK BLEU: 0.828815854208677 
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0. 
The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
The Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L. 
Infraero is the operating organisation for Afonso Pena International Airport. 
Agra Airport is located in Agra. 
The Al Taqaddum Air Base is located at 84 metres above sea level. 
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney. 
18R/36L is the name of Allama Iqbal International Airport. 
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0. 
1/19 is the name of the 1/19 runway. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews County, Texas. 
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas. 
11/29 is the name of the runway name of Andrews County Airport. 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. 
The city of Luanda serves the city of Luanda. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
The mayor of Athens is Giorgoros Kaminis. 
Athens International Airport is located in Spata. 
German is the language spoken in Belgium. 
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium. 
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark. 
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
The leader of the Flemish Region is the Flemish Government. 
The language of Greece is Greek. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at Four World Trade Center. 
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain. 
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States. 
The South Jersey Transportation Authority's head is Stephen Dilts. 
Aaron Bertram began his career in 1998. 
Aaron Deer is associated with the musical artist The Horns of Happiness. 
Aaron Turner plays avant-garde metal music. 
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician. 
Aaron Turner is from Boston. 
The musical artist of Abradab is Magik. 
Abradab is a solo singer. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982. 
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. 
Agustín Barboza is signed to Philips Records. 
Alan Frew is associated with the band Glass Tiger. 
Alennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist Kornelijske Kovač. 
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer. 
Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
The record label of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Movieplay. 
Alison O'Donnell started his career in 1963. 
Allen Forrest plays pop music. 
The record label of Anders Osborne is Alligator Records. 
The record label of Anders Osborne is Shanachie Records. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jaydan Moyine. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. 
Andrew White is a musician whose genre is alternative rock. 
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción. 
The location of Deram Records is London. 
Afrobeat is a musical fusion of Funk. 
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music. 
Jazz originated from blues. 
The RCA Records is distributed by the Legacy Recordings. 
The band Twilight is a Black metal band. 
The people of the United Kingdom are known as British people. 
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Alan Shepard died in California. 
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. 
The Apollo 14 is operated by NASA. 
The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA. 
Buzz Aldrin is from the United States. 
Test pilot Elliot See was a test pilot. 
Hook 'em is a mascot at the University of Texas at Austin. 
Silvano Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. 
Aben Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
Aben Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team. 
Abner plays for the club C.D. FAS. 
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikou, Morocco. 
Adam Maher was born in Diemen. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq. 
Ahmed Kadhim Assad plays for the club PAS Tehran F.C. 
Akeem Ayers is a linebacker. 
Akeem Priestley plays for the FK Mughan club. 
Akeem Priestley played for the Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born inbaghdad. 
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley FC. 
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays in the National Hockey League. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba. 
Alex Plante is 1.9204m tall. 
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba. 
The country of Budapest isHungary. 
Inuktitut is the language of Canada. 
The city of Columbus Blue Jackets is Columbus, Ohio. 
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny. 
FC Tom Tomsk play in the Russian Football National League. 
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valerery Petrakov. 
The general manager of the Florida Panthers is Dale Tallon. 
The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is Zan Tabak. 
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. 
The manager of Penarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. 
Point Fortin is a Trinidad country. 
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. 
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row. 
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983. 
200 Public Square was completed in 1985. 
20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom. 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors. 
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena. 
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge. 
The building of Adare Manor was started in 1700. 
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th September 2013. 
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business. 
B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths was constructed in 1904. 
The postcode area of Birmingham is the postcode area. 
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois. 
The country of Dublin is the Republic of Ireland. 
Dublin is part of Leinster. 
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India. 
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan. 
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan. 
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International. 
The language of Republic of Ireland is English. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa. 
London is the capital of the United Kingdom. 
The United States has an ethnic group of Native Americans. 
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States. 
Carl A Wirtanen discovered the (29075) 1950 DA. 
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.247055 kilometres. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0. 
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kg. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec. 
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 kelvins. 
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas. 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla. 
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec. 
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0. 
The escape velocity of1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per sec. 
The mass of1099 Figneria is 2.7 kg. 
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 223326000000.0. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0. 
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 3770160000000.0. 
N.R. Pogson is a national of England. 
The area code of Abilene, Texas is 320. 
Abilene is part of Texas. 
The leader of Albany, Georgia is the Mayor. 
The total area of Albany, Oregon is 45.97 square kilometres. 
Albany, Oregon is in the United States. 
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate. 
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the Albuquerque City Council. 
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States. 
The area code of Anaheim, California is 657. 
The city of Anderson, Indiana is Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. 
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. 
The leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan is the City Administrator. 
The leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan is the Mayor. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 above sea level. 
Antioch, California's leader is the 11th State Assembly District. 
The elevation above sea level in Arlington, Texas is 184.0. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana. 
Auburn is part of Alabama. 
California is in the United States. 
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Georgia is in the United States. 
The capital of Indiana is Indiana. 
Lee County is in the state of Alabama. 
The capital of New Jersey isTrenton. 
Potter County is in Texas. 
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States. 
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan. 
The comic character Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny. 
Marv Wolfman was the creator of Auron. 
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby. 
The BBC broadcast bananaman. 
The first aired bananaman was on 3rd October 1983. 
Bill Oddie starred in bananaman. 
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6. 
Bill Everett was awarded the Eisner Award. 
Kate Hardie is the birthplace of Bill Oddie. 
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin. 
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard. 
John Buscema was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Cárman Lúcia is the leader of Brazil. 
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media. 
The company GMA New Media produces World Wide Web. 
The media company GMA New Media is a media company. 
La Crosse, Wisconsin has an area of 58.38. 
The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal is GMA New Media. 
The ethnic group of the Philippines is the Pangasinense. 
Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines. 
The Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency. 
The County Manager is the leader of Swords, Dublin. 
The United States is the long name of the United States of America. 
Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco. 
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil. 
Arem-arem is a dish nationwide in Indonesia but more specific to Java. 
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of Arrobbita sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre. 
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the country of the country of Arros negre. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
Avocado is part of the genus Persea. 
The hot temperature of Ayam penyet is hot. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart. 
Bakso is a traditional dish that contains noodles. 
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa. 
Barny Cakes were created by Mondelez International. 
The variation of Barny Cakes is chopped by a variation of dessert. 
Barny Cakes have 1.8g of protein. 
Batchoy is from the Philippines. 
The chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy. 
The vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy. 
Binignit is from the Visayas region. 
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales. 
Cake is a dessert. 
Ice cream is a variation of dessert. 
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. 
Italians live in Italy. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java. 
Lemon is a member of the Rosids order. 
The people of Mexico are called Mexicans. 
The language spoken in Mexico is Spanish. 
The language of the Philippines is Arabic. 
Shumai is a variation of Siomay. 
The United States has an ethnic group of Native Americans. 
The alternative name of 1955 Dodge is the Dodge Coronet. 
The 1955 Dodge has a engine of 230 cubic inches. 
The AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock. 
The AIDAluna began its active years on March 22nd 2009. 
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship. 
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft. 
The AIDAstella was christened on March 16th 2013. 
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17, 2013. 
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine. 
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by Alliant Techsystems. 
The AMC Matador and the AMC Ambassador are similar means of transport. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was completed in 1958. 
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine. 
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine. 
The Acura TLX has a transmission of 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6). 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a executive car. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Alfa Croma are similar means of transport. 
Alhambra's maiden voyage was on the 7th July,1855. 
The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m. 
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52. 
The final flight of the Antares rocket was on the 28th of October 2014. 
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on 11th August 2005. 
The Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States. 
The final flight of the Atlas II was on March 16, 1998. 
The Audi e-tron is a division of Audi. 
The Audi A1 was assembled at Audi Brussels. 
The company Caterpillar Inc was founded in California. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc. 
Caterpillar Inc is located in Peoria, Illinois. 
The launch site of Delta II is Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
Smi languages are spoken in Finland. 
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich. 
The headquarters of the runway of the Guiana Space Centre are in Kouurou, French Guiana. 
Honda is part of the Acura division. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
The location of the city of Meyer Werft is Germany. 
The location of the location of the meriyer Werft is Papenburg. 
The architect of the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is Pietro Canonica. 
Bronze is the bronze memorial in Izmir. 
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble. 
Aaron S Daggett was award of Purple Heart. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud is in the region of Kota Samarahan. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army. 
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II. 
The successor of Abraham A Ribicoff was Anthony J Celebrezze. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland. 
Adam Koc died in New York City. 
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide. 
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping. 
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
Agnes Kant resides in the Netherlands. 
Airey Neave was the award of the Territorial Decoration. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. 
Airey Neave was started in 1933. 
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign. 
Allan Shivers fought in World War II. 
The United States Army served in the United States Army. 
Alvah Sabin ended his career on March 3rd,1857. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States. 
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti. 
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria. 
Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War conflict. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
The alma mater of Josef Klaus is the University of Vienna. 
Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Mike Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya. 
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland. 
The language spoken in Poland is Kashubian. 
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln. 
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season. 
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro season 2014. 
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociación Deportiva. 
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. 
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members. 
A.S. Roma played in Serie A in 2014. 
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Joden,Godenzonen". 
The number of members of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is 5000. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
The number of members of AZ Alkmaar is 17003. 
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season. 
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members. 
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C. 
Jенс Härtel plays for SV Germania Schöneiche. 
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar. 
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan. 
Massimo Drago plays for the club "Delfino Pescara 1936". 
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League. 
Stuart Parker is a footballer for Bury FC. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
Alba Iulia is in Romania. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County. 
Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark. 
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. 
The Grantville Gazettes preserves 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. 
The Cannon Law is the followed by1634: The Ram Rebellion. 
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. 
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3. 
Madeleine L'Engle wrote A Severed Wasp. 
A Wizard of Mars is written in English. 
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459. 
The book Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation Acta Math. Hungar. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline of Math. 
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the code APGPAC. 
The OCLC number of Addiction is 27367194. 
The book Addiction is published by Wiley-Blackwell. 
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226. 
Aenir has the OCLC number 45644811. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones. 
The impact factor of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1,317. 
The novel Castle is followed by Aenir. 
Cornell University has the nickname Cornell Big Red. 
HIV is part of the Lentivirus genus. 
John Cowper Powys'snotable work was Wolf Solent. 
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom. 
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. 
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas, which is part of Texas. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500. 
The leader of India is T S Thakur and the location of Agra Airport is India. 
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 618 feet above sea level. 
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, was the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. 
The United States Air Force, which fought in the United States invasion of Panama, was the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid. 
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae and has a length of 877.0. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority's headquarters are Jinnah International Airport and the Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are Jinnah International Airport. 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by Schiphol Group and is -3.3528 above sea level. 
The Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway surface type of asphalt. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin. 
The city of Luanda is served by the Angola International Airport which is 159 metres above sea level. 
The location of the airport of Angola International Airport is Ícolo e Bengo, in the country ofAngola. 
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport which is 12 metres above sea level. 
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, Grand Chute, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a variation of Poales. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is classed Monocotyledon. 
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 3800.0 and it is located in Ashgabat. 
Athens International Airport is located in Spata, serves the city of Athens. 
The city of Athens is served by the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, which is part of the community of Madrid. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends and Kids Imagine Nation. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends, which has the genre Ska. 
The guitarist Aaron Deer is a performer of the psychedelia genre. 
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters. 
Abrab was born in Katowice, Poland. 
Ace Wilder's genre is hip hop music which has its origins in disco. 
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band. Rock music has its origins in Country music. 
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music. 
Alennie Jones is a jazz musician whose origin is blues. 
The musical genre of Alennie Jones is rhythm and blues which originated from blues. 
Aleksandra Kovac, who started performing in 1990, performs soul music. 
Alex Day is a member of the genre of Syntthpop which originated from disco. 
Alex Day is a member of the genre of Syntthpop which originated from New wave music. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. 
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba. 
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the musical artist Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who performs the autoharp. 
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs pop music. 
The musical genre of Andrew White is alternative rock which has the fusion genre Nu metal. 
The musical artist of Anders Osborne is Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson. 
The musical genre of the musician, Anders Osborne, is rhythm and blues. The record label is Rabadasha Records. 
The singer, who started performing in 2000, is pop music. 
The singer, whose genre is pop music, has a background as a solo singer. 
The singer and the singer and the musical genre of Andra is pop music. Disco is a fusion genre of pop music. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns. 
The musical genre of Andrew White is alternative rock and he is associated with Marry Banilow. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where the leader is Tabare Vázquez. 
Alan Shepard, who served as a crew member of Apollo 14 retired on August 1, 1974. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, is a US national. 
Born in retired, Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was a fighter pilot. 
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. 
The fighter pilot, Buzz Aldrin, was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for SV Werder Bremen II. 
Aben Hernández plays for the club U.S. Città di Palermo and Penarol. 
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of the Netherlands national under 17 football team. 
Ahmed Kadhim Assad plays for Al-Naft and Al-Naft. He also plays for Steel Azin F.C. 
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll. 
Akeem Dent was born on September 27th 1987 and was born on September 27th 1987. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Akeem Dent's debut team is the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and Al-Zawra'a SC. 
Alan Martin plays for both the football club,Hamilton Academical FC and the club, Barrow A.F.C. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valerery Petrakov. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Sergey Naryshkin. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Vladimir Putin. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk who play in the Russian Football National League. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and the AS Lyon-Duchère. He also plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. 
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender in the A.C. Milan club and is a member of the club A.C. Milan. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AS Roma who play in Serie A. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989. 
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for the Pallacanestro Cantù club. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is spoken. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is spoken. 
Aben Hernández plays for the clubHull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where coloured is one of the ethnic groups. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is led by the European Parliament. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Illinois. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin. 
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and it has 23 floors. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 m tall. 
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor and Jacabian style. 
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the language is Tamil. 
The building of Alan B Miller Hall, which was started on 30 March 2007, is 101 Ukrop Way. 
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary. 
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern and the tenant is the Mason School of Business. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District, Sri Lanka. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27th 1987. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, are located on 23rd Street in Manhattan. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where the leader is called Anandiben Patel. 
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 2597767002.47055 kilometres and an minimum temperature of 211 kelvins. 
The discoverer of (410777) 2009 FD is Spacewatch and it has a periapsis of 88234300000.0. 
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. 
The epoch of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 2004-07-14 and it has a rotation period of 9953.28. 
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per sec and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres. 
The average speed of1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec and its apoapsis is 611961000.0 kilometres. 
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, a national of Canada. 
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada. 
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of135589000.0 and its epoch date is 31 December 2006. 
The average speed of1099 Figneria is 16.37 km per sec and its apoapsis is 605718000.0 kilometres. 
The epoch of1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006. It has a periapsis of 349206000000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA and its epoch date is 2015-06-27. 
The epoch of1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0. 
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres. 
Albanny, Georgia is part of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland. 
The total area of Alexandria, Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres and it has a population density of 75.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. 
Anaheim, California has an elevation of 48.0 above sea level and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres. 
The city of Anderson is part of the township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The state of Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is the location of the United States of America. The city of Andrewson is part of the Union Township, Madison County, Indiana. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres. 
Atlanta is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. 
Attica is part of Indiana, in the United States. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square kilometres. 
Austin is part of Travvis County, Texas in the United States. 
The city manager is the leader of Austin, Texas, United States. 
Austin is part of Texas, United States. 
Attica is part of Indiana, where the capital is Indianapolis. 
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States. 
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken. 
The country of Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where Americans are the people. 
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo. 
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles. It was created by Len Wein. 
The comic character, Ballistic, has the alternative name Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench. 
The BBC broadcast bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, is broadcast by the BBC. 
Bill Oddie, who was born in Lanciashire, starred in bananaman. 
The American, Jerry Ordway, was the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski. 
The Black Pirate, which has the alternative name Jon Valor, was created by Shredded Moldoff. 
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle. 
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn. 
The company of AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. 
The company AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry and serves the United States. 
Chinabank, which offers banking services, has a net income of 15100000000. 
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a publicly traded company. 
The company GMA New Media is a mass media company that produces mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a healthcare company which produces cosmetics. 
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation which has a key person as a CEO. 
Hypermarcas, which produces drugs, is located in Brazil. 
Hypermarcas is a food found in Sao Paulo and contains drugs. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin on January 1, 1913. 
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain and contains bread. 
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from the region of Andalusia. 
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Lazio and has Tomato as an ingredient. 
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. 
The Indonesian dish of Arem-arem is banana leaf. 
The Italian sauce Arrabbiata is a traditional dish from Italy. It contains olive oil. 
Arrosabbiata sauce is from Italy, where Rome is the capital. 
The Italian sauce Arrabbiata is a traditional Italian sauce which has tomato as an ingredient. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain and it contains squid. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre, which is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community. 
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal. 
The bacon explosion is from the United States and it contains sausage. 
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where John Roberts is the leader. 
The main course of the bacon explosion is bacon and it is a main course. 
The bacon sandwich is a traditional name of the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It is a traditional dish that has bread as an ingredient. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is from France, United States or China. 
Baked Alaska is from China where Standard Chinese is spoken. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. Cookies are a variation of Baked Alaska. 
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell. 
The variation of the dish Bakewell pudding is the shortcrust pastry and it is a variation of the dish. 
Lemon is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa which is a member of the genus Citrus. 
The dish Batchoy is from the Philippines and it has shrimp as an ingredient. 
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where the Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group. 
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. 
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the dish beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore. 
Bhajji comes from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader. 
Gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji, which is similar to the fritters made from wheat or corn flour. 
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it contains sweet potato. 
Sago is an ingredient of binignit which contains sweet potatoes. 
The ingredient of binignit is sweet potato, which is a flowering plant. 
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato, which is a variation of the order Solanales. 
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert which can be varied by honey. 
Bionico is a dessert which contains Ice cream as a dessert. 
Siomay, which contains peanut sauce, is a variation of Siomay. 
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4, 2005. It is 125800.0 millimetres long and is 125800.0 millimetres long. 
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and is a Cracy ship. 
The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock. 
The AIDAstella, which is 253260.0 millimetres long, was christened on March 16th 2013. 
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and was built by the Montereal Locomotive Works. 
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by Alliant Techsystems, which produces the AGM-88 HARM. 
The designer of the AMC Matador is Richard A Teague who is a Chrysler. 
The designer of the AMC Matador is Richard A Teague who is a General Motors. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 millimetres. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone and is a builder of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. 
The Honda J engine is the Honda J engine. 
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX which has a Inline-four engine. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is the leader. 
The icebreaker, Aklesey Chirikov, was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a 21.2 beam. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to theFiat Croma and is related to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
The Alhambra is powered by the Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes which is located in Deptford. 
The Alhambra was launched on 31 May 1855 and has a beam of 8.3m. 
The Alvis Speed 25 has a length of 4377.0 cubic metres and a transmission of a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. 
The American Motors, whose fate is Eagle, manufactures the AMC Matador. 
The Delta II rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on the 1st of January 2014. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. 
The Airbus Defence and Space is owned by Airbus Group and is the manufacturer of theAriane 5. 
The Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage. 
The Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was manufactured by Lockheed Martin. 
The Audi A1 is manufactured by the Audi which has the subsidiary of Ducati. 
The Audi A1 is related to the SEAT Ibiza and the Audi A1 is a similar type of transport. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which has the power type of the AIDAluna. 
The Ataturk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is made of red granite and white marble. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is made of red granite and white marble and is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. 
The Dead Man's Plack is made of rock and dedicated to Ethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. 
The Purple Heart was the award of Aaron S Daggett, who fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. 
Purple Heart was the award of Aaron S Daggett, who fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. 
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was in the Nigerian Army. 
Born in Minna, Abdulsalami Abubakar, worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Niger State, Nigeria, was the birthplace of Abdulsalami Abubakar, who worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Abilene Caballero was born in Ponteareas, in Spain. 
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II. 
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Revolutionary War. 
The American born Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and was succeeded by Ruth Ribicoff. 
The wife of Abraham A. Ribicoff was Casey Ribicoff who was born in Chicago. 
Adam Koc fought in thePolish–Soviet War and was a member of the Cross of Valour. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was a commander at the Officer's Star Parasol. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was a fighter at the Vituti Militari. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Airey Neave, who started his career on June 30th, 1953, started his career on 30th March 1979 and ended his career on March 30th, 1979. 
Airey Neave, who started his career on June 30th, 1953, fought in World War II. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New Mexico Territory. 
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Diego Santilli. 
Born in Tyrol, Austria, Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol state. 
Born in Austria, Alfons Gorbach was in office while Adolf Schärf was President. 
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the mayor of Stamford. 
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War. 
Ben Ramsey was the successor to Allan Shivers who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur. 
Homer Elihu Royce was the successor to Alvah Sabin, who worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 are the champions. 
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A and play in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. 
A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso. 
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for C.D. FAS. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn FC Halton and plays for Runcorn FC Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Sparta Rotterdam. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde and has 3180 members. 
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and is located in Bryning Lane. 
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team. 
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and play in Rome, Italy. 
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A which is in Italy. 
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax who plays for the Ajax Youth Academy. 
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax N.V. and has 5352 members. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Amsterdam, where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Topklasse season in 2014. 
AZAL PFK play at the AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvalan. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and has 1703 members. 
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, located in Brazil. 
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has 17000 members. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. 
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is the manager of A.C. Cesena. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education. The official school colour is blue, white and orange. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology offered tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. 
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint wrote the book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis", which was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. 
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in the E-Book. 
Eric Flint is the author of the book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in hardcover. 
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and the coden codeATISET. 
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice is J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. 
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0 and is available in print. 
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0 and is available in hardcover. 
The book A Glastonbury Romance is made in print and has 1174 pages. 
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57092246 and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by the US Press, which is located in the United States. 
The author of A Wizard of Mars is Diane Duane and the OCLC number is 28875413. 
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-1-15-204770-2. It is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-1-15-204770-2. It has 560 pages and has the ISBN number of 978-1-15-204770-2. 
The country of Australians is the country of Above the Veil, which was a sliced by Aenir. 
The language of Aenir is English and the book is followed by Above the Veil. 
The novel Above the Veil was written in Castle and was a sliced of the novel. 
The book Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science Business Media, founded by Julia Springer. 
The code for Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG and the abbreviation is Admin. Sci. Q. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University, which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
The author of Aenir is Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. 
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9. 
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-92550-9. It has 320 pages and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9. 
The AIDS journal is academic discipline of HIV, whose family isOrthoretrovirinae. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States. 
The city of Lake Placid, New York is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport which serves the city of Lake Placid and the Saranac Lake, New York. The runway length is 1219.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4100.0. 
The Indian Air Force is the operating organisation for the Agra Airport which is located in India. The ICAO location identifier of the airport is VIAG. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Izmir and has a runway length of 3078.48. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad Airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War. 
The United States Air Force deploy Al Asad airbase. The invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom were battled in the United States Air Force. 
The United States Air Force, which operate Al Asad Airbase, fought in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 733.0 and it serves the city of Alderney. The runway is made of Poaceae and has a length of 733.0. 
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is located 210 metres above sea level. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500. It is -3.3528 above sea level. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas. 
The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola, Angola. The airport has a runway length of 4000.0. 
The runway name of the Angola International Airport is South Runway and is located in Icolo e Bengo, in the country ofAngola. 
The Flemish Government is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport which is 12 metres above sea level. The airport is operated by the Flemish Region and is operated by the Flemish Government. 
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the owner of the city of Antwerp International Airport which is operated by the Flemish Region. 
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, which is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin. Appleton is part of Little Chute and is part of Little Chute. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. Greenville is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is a flowering plant. The order of Poales is Poales. 
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0. 
The city of Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece, where the leader is Alexis Tsipras. 
The United States is the location of the Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22. 
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where the city of Antwerp is served by the Antwerp International Airport. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is a Monocotyledon class and is a class of Monocotyledon. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Kids Imagine Nation and Kids Imagine Nation. He is associated with the band Suburban Legends which has pop music as its genre. 
American Aaron Deer is a performer of the Indie rock genre and is from the United States. 
Black metal musician, Aaron Turner, is associated with the band Greymachine and the Greymachine. 
Drone musician, Aaron Turner, is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. 
Black metal musician, Aaron Turner, is associated with the band Sumac and Sumac. 
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is a fusion of black metal. He is associated with the band Sumac and performs black metal music. 
The electric guitarist Aaron Turner plays black metal music and performs electric guitar. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
The genre of Abradab is hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap and its derivative is drum and bass. The musical genre is hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap. 
Solo singer, Ace Wilder, was born in Sweden and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group. 
Agustín Barboza is a solo singer whose genre is Garauania music. He is signed to Philips Records. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on May 5th 1913. 
The country of the United States is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun, which is a blues musician. It is located in Washington DC. 
Al Anderson, who started performing in 1966, is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds. 
Alan Frew plays rock music which originated from country music and folk music. 
Solo singer, Albennie Jones, was born in Errata, Mississippi and has a background as a solo singer. 
Alennie Jones is a jazz musician whose origins are blues and Afrobeat. 
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist BABI Dol and Kornnelleije Kovac. 
Akron Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with the band K2 and BABI Dol. 
Akron Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who is associated with the musical artist BABI Dol and Kornnelleije Kovac. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London, where Boris Johnson is the leader. 
Solo singer, Alfredo Zitarrosa, is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba and is signed to RCA Records. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is Static Caravan Recordings. Funk is a derivative of jazz. 
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL and performs acoustic music. 
The musical artist of Anders Osborne is Billy Iuso and is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is associated with Tab Benoit and Tab Benoit. 
Rock musician, Anders Osborne, is signed to the record label Alligator Records and Okeh Records. 
The singer, whose genre is rhythm and blues, is associated with the band CRBL and Puya. 
The singer, whose genre is rhythm and blues, has a background as a solo singer. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jaydan Moyine and Christian Burns whose genre is house music. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist, Jaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren. His genre is house music. 
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. 
Alan Shepard died on July 21st 1998 in California. The senators of California are Dianne Feinstein. 
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. is the alternative name of Buzz Aldrin who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, spent 52 minutes in space and was a member of Apollo 11. 
Alan Shepard died in California and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis on February 28, 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He was deceased. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He was a member of Apollo 8. 
Born in Regina, Saskatchewan, Aaron Boogaard, who plays for Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. 
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II and the Goslarer SC 08. He also plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II. 
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen and the Goslarer SC 08 club. He also plays for SV Werder Bremen. 
Aben Hernández, who plays for the Central Español club, plays for the club U.S. Città di Palermo and Penarol. 
Ahmed Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team and also for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. whose manager is Adnan Hamad. 
Akeem Ayers, who formerly played for the Tennessee Titans, was a draft pick of 39 and played for the draft round of 2 and was formerly a member of the Tennessee Titans. 
Akeem Ayers, who formerly played for the St Louis Rams, played for the draft round of 2 and has 39 matches. 
Akeem Ayers, whose debutant team is the Tennessee Titans, plays for the St Louis Rams who are based in St Louis. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on September 27th 1987. He was a debutant for the Atlanta Falcons. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician and Elizabeth II is the leader. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club which is located in Al Khor and is a member of the Al Shorta SC. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor. 
Alan Martin was born on January 1, 1989 and plays for the Crewe Alexandra F.C. and Aldershot Town FC. 
Alan Martin was born on January 1, 1989 and plays for the club Crewe Alexandra F.C. and is a member of the clubHamilton Academical FC. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24th 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow. 
Akron Prudnikov was born on February 24th 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. He plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Kuban Krasnodar. 
AZAL PFK is the ground of the Olympique Lyonnais club, which is located at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli plays for the club Olympique Lyonnais who play at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and also for the club U.C. Sampdoria. He also plays for A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 and plays for the club Anyang Halla. 
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach isZvi Sherf. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the national anthem is Canada. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valerery Petrakov. The club played in the Russian Premier League in 2014. 
Abner is a footballer for the Coritiba Football Club and plays for Real Madrid Castilla, whose manager is Luis Miguel Ramis. 
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. which is located in Palo Seco. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is the leader and coloured people are one of the ethnic groups. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is the leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States, where Frank G Jackson is the leader. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, New York. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel. 
HOK SVE is the architect of the 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin. 
The 3Arena, designed by the company Populous, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN and the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International. 
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and was designed by James Pain. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall which has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and is 42 m tall. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka. The Tudor Revival architecture is architectural style of the Adisham Hall. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th September 2013 and has 3 floors. It has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. 
Alan B Miller Hall, owned by the College of William and Mary, was started in March 30th, 2007. It is located in Virginia and is located in Virginia. 
The College of William and Mary, whose Chancellor is Robert Gates, is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia. 
The current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business, which is located in Virginia, United States. 
Alan B Miller Hall, owned by the College of William and Mary, was started in March 30th, 2007. It is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. 
The Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District in Sri Lanka and has 476 beds. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located at U.S. Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823. 
Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709. 
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India where the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. 
The discoverer of 410777 2009 FD is Spacewatch and it has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 88234300000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree Celsius and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has a minimum temperature of 500 kelvins and an maximum temperature of 500 kelvins. 
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre and an average speed of 37.16 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. 
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907 XC and its epoch date is 2015-06-27. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Gottingen. 
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0982 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. It has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an escape velocity of 0.0982 km per sec. 
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs and an escape velocity of 0.0982 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0982 km per sec. 
The discoverer of 107 Camilla is E Wells and it has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres. 
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. It has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec. 
The celestial body known as1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. It has a temperature of 157 kelvins and an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec. 
The surface area of 10 Hygiea is 837080.744 square kilometres and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. 
The epoch of1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 183309000.0. It has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres. 
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 3770160000000.0. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
Abilene, Texas has an elevation of 524.0 above sea level and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Albanny is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. The country is in the United States. 
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp and is located in the United States. The leader of Albuquerque is the New Mexico House of Representatives. 
The leader of Albuquerque City Council is the Albuquerque City Council, which is led by Richard J Berry. The city Council is located in the United States and is led by the Albuquerque City Council. 
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, in the United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States. The country has an ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Amarillo. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. Orange County is part of Greater Los Angeles area and is part of the Greater Los Angeles area. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States and is located in Orange County, California. 
The United States is the location of the country of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The total area of Atlanta is 349.1 square kilometres and it has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 404, 678, 470 and it has a total area of 349.1 square kilometres. 
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia, United States. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. 
Auburn is part of the state of Washington, United States, where the capital is Olympia. The state is located in the state of Washington, which is where the capital is Olympia. 
Austin, Texas is in the United States, where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is the location of the city of Anderson, Indiana, which is part of Madison County, Indiana. 
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The largest city in Indiana is and the largest city is and Anderson is the largest city. 
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, Oregon, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
The United States is home to African Americans and English is the language spoken in the United States. The country is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
Albanny, Oregon is in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is led byBarack Obama and has Native Americans as one of the ethnic groups. The country is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and Angola, Indiana is located. 
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress and is located in Anaheim, California. The leader of Anaheim, California is the United States House of Representatives. 
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel. 
The BBC, which is located in London, has the key person Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead and broadcast bananaman. 
Bill Oddie starred in bananaman, which was first aired on 3 October 1983. 
The film Big Hero 6 was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. 
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski. It was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman. 
The comic character Blockbuster, which has the alternative name Roland Desmond, was created by Tom Lyle and Tom Lyle. 
The comic character, Bolt, which has the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin. 
The comic character, Bolt, which has the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin. 
The company AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry in the United States. It has an operating income of $380,700,000. 
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands inManila. It is located in the Philippines. 
The media company,GMA New Media, is a media company that produces World Wide Web. 
The mass media company, GMA New Media, is located in Quezon City, Philippines. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person for the company GMA New Media, a public company which is a subsidiary. 
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation that was founded on January 1, 2001 and has a net income of 108,600,000. 
Hypermarcas has a net income of $100,000,000 and a net income of $100,000,000. It has a net income of $100,000,000 and a net income of $100,000,000. 
Hypermarcas, which was founded on January 1, 2001, is located in Sao Paulo and has the subsidiary Mantecorp. 
Trane is a subsidiary that was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has an area of 58.38. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland, which is located in Europe. 
Trane has 29,000 employees and a net income of $556,300,000. It has a net income of $556,300,000 and a net income of $556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a traditional dish from Spain and is also known as Ajo blanco. It contains bread and is a traditional dish from Spain. 
The ingredients of Ajoblanco are water and is from Andalusia, Spain. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and the leader is Jusuf Kalla. 
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and the leader is Jusuf Kalla. 
Arrosabbiata sauce is from Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the Italian language is spoken. 
Chili pepper is an ingredient in a sauce which comes from Rome, Italy. 
Arrosa sauce is a traditional Italian sauce which has garlic as an ingredient. It is a traditional dish from Rome, Italy. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. It contains squid and is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre, a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and is a dish from Malaysia. The main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States and is a main ingredient of bacon. 
The country Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington DC. 
The country Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and is a variation of the BLT. The latter is a variation of the bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT. 
The dish Baked Alaska is from New York and is a food found in France. The ingredients are meringue and the ingredients are meringue. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in New York, United States. It is a dish from New York and it contains sponge cake. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. 
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert of Baked Alaska which is a dessert. The dessert is a dessert which includes Christmas pudding. 
The Colombian dish Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department. It contains Kidney Bean and is a traditional dish from the Antioquia Department. 
Barny cakes come from France where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. 
Barny cakes are a variation of Apple and are variations of Apple. The ingredients are 1.8g of protein and 18.0g of carbohydrates. 
Bacon kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Halmah Yacob. The currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Halimah Yacob. 
The dish of beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It contains yster sauce and is a dish from Indonesia. 
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and it is a dish from Indonesia. 
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji, which comes from India. 
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T S Thakur and the people are called Indians. 
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. 
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which is from the region ofKarnataka. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it is a dish from the Philippines. It contains sweet potato and contains banana. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico and is a dessert. It contains sausage and is a dessert. 
Bionico is a food found in Mexico and is a food found in the Jalisco region. It contains Raisin. 
Bakso is a traditional dish from the family of Apiaceae and is a member of the family of Apiaceae. 
Cake is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert. It contains granola as an ingredient. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the capital is Jakarta. 
The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java where the dish Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, which is also found nationwide and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore. The country has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people. 
Arros negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI. The language spoken in Spain is Spanish. 
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet and has a V8 engine. It has a hardtop style and a hardtop. 
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Coronet and has a V8 engine. It has a 3 speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine. 
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and is 125800.0 millimetres long. It was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004. 
Costa Crociere is the owner of theAIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Germany. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and is 17068.8 millimetres. 
The country of origin of the ALV X-1 is the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and the people are called Americans. 
The AMC Matador, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, was a related means of transport to the AMC Ambassador. 
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, was a model of 1971 and is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone, a Italian company founded in Turin. 
The icebreaker Aklesey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland, where the demonym is Finns. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, where Rome is the capital and the Lancia Thema is a related means of transport. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese and is related to the Lancia Thema and the Lancia Thema. 
The Alhambra is wrecked and has a ship beam of 8.3m and is 63800.0 millimetres long. 
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry. It was succeeded by the Rover Company. 
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has Roy D Chapin Jr as a key person and was succeeded by Eagle. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its maiden flight was on April 21, 2013. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where the capital isBuenos Aires and the leader is Mauricio Macri. 
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS. 
The Aston Martin V8, which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1, was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is the President and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
The Audi A1 is a Hatchback style body style and is assembled in the Audi Brussels. It has a 1.2 litre engine. 
The Audi A1 is a related means of transport to the Volkswagen Polo and the Volkswagen Polo. The Audi A1 is related to the Audi A1 and the Volkswagen Polo. 
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California. It is located in Peoria, Illinois. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is located in the United States. The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. 
The launch site of theAriane 5 was the ELA-3 which was launched from the ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kouurou, French Guiana. 
The launch site of theAriane 5 was the ELA-3 which is located in French Guiana. 
The country of origin of the ALV X-1 is the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The country is the origin of the ALV X-1 and the people are called Americans. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklinlin County is to its southeast and Franklinlin County is to its southeast. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the leader is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan and has the native name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti. 
Maine born Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was a fighter in the Battle of Fredericksburg. 
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. 
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. 
Abilene Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport. 
Abilene Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch. Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain. 
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. 
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and was a member of the Conservative Party in the UK. He was a member of the Magdalene College, Cambridge. 
Adam Koc fought in thePolish–Soviet War and was a member of the Order of Polonia Restituta. He was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was a commander. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health. He was born in Athens. 
Born in West Germany, Agnes Kant, worked as the Socialist Party in the Netherlands and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. 
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. He was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. 
Agnes Kant was born in the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, ended his career on 30th March 1979. He was awarded the Order of the British Empire and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II and ended his career on 30th March 1979. He was a commander in the military Cross. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, in the United States and died in New Mexico Territory. 
Born in Imst, Imst, in Imst, was born in the County of Tyrol. He died in Graz. 
Born in Imst, Tyrol, Tyrol, was born in Imst. He died in Graz. 
The Democratic Party of the United States, Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur. He was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23rd October 1793. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and was a member of the United States Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict where the commander was Abraham Lincoln. 
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and he died in Austria-Hungary. 
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and he was born in Imst. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War. 
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language spoken is Polish and the ethnic group is Kashubians. 
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and play in the Serie B league. Their ground is in Cesena. 
Massimo Drago is a manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for the club Calcio Catania and the S.S.D. Potenza Calcio. 
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the Lega Pro/A season in 2014. 
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan and it has 10000 members. It is located at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and has the full name Isidro Metapan. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for the club Drogheda United FC and Runcorn FC Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County FC and also for Stockport County FC. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for the club Irlam Town FC and is also a member of KV Mechelen. 
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and has 3180 members. Their ground is Warton, Fylde. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid C.F.C. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome, Italy. 
The ground of AEK Athens FC is Athens and has 69618 members. The club play in the Superleague Greece. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Hoofdklasse in the 2014 season. 
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL Arena and they play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and they competed in the 2014 season. 
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He is the manager of AZ Alkmaar. 
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Their ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. 
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is based in Brazil. 
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League which has the champions K-W United FC. The ground of the club is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League which has the champions K-W United FC. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the people are called Italians. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis. The ground of the AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium. 
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it has 600 students. The country is in Switzerland. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. The motto of the Institute is "Nurturing Excellence". 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and its president is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and offered tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in India where the largest city is Mumbai and the Ganges is the largest city. 
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the Prime Minister and Klaus Iohannis is the leader. 
The latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis and it is located in Romania. The national saint is Andrew the Apostle. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 16000 students and 16,000 students. 
The book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print. It has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7. 
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and was the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was completed in1634: The Baltic War. 
The book, 1634: The Ram Rebellion, was written by Eric Flint, has 512 pages and is available in the E-Book. 
The book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, was written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. 
The book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. It has 512 pages and is available in the E-Book. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and its abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has the ISSN number 1046-8188. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and its abbreviation is ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has the ISSN number 1558-2868. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A T Charlie Johnson, who resides in the United States, is the editor of the American Institute of Physics. 
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of the editor of AIP Advances, which has the abbreviation of AIP Adv. and the code code AAIDBI. 
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 and it is available in hardcover. It has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
The book A Long Long Way is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It was followed by The Secret Scripture. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where the leader isBarack Obama. 
A Severed Wasp is print and has the OCLC number 8805735. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the CODE number of 8805735. 
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has 388 pages. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number of 28875413 and the OCLC number of 2888875313. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The book "Above the Veil" was written in Australia and was a novel called Castle. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of Acta Math. Hungar. and its ISSN number is 1588-2632. It has the LCCN number of 8364635 and its ISSN number is 1588-2632. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which has the abbreviation of Acta Math. Hungar., has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and the ISSN number 0236-5294. 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and its abbreviation is Acta Palaeontol. Pol. It has the LCCN number 60040714 and its ISSN number is 1732-2421. 
Addiction journal has the abbreviation of Addiction and its ISSN number is 0965-2140. It has the ISSN number 0965-2140. 
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 and is available in print. It was written by Garth Nix. 
The book Aenir is print and is published in print with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, which has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math., has the ISSN number 1080-6377. The American Journal has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. 
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. 
The publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly is SAGE Publications, which was founded by Sara Miller McCune. The abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is the leader. 
The country of the United States is the country of A Fortress of Grey Ice. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where the language is English and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The city of Abilene, Texas is part of Texas, United States. The airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and is located in the United States. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport is located in Madrid, Spain. 
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport has a runway length of 3500 and a runway name of 18R/36L. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The United States Air Force fought in the bombing of Libya and the aircraft fighters include the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The aircraft fighters of the United States Air Force are the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130. The United States Air Force fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The aircraft fighters of the United States Air Force are the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and the Lockheed AC-130. The United States Air Force fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The United States Air Force fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the aircraft fighters include the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquartered at Jinnah International Airport. The airport is located inPunjab, Pakistan, where the leader is the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab. 
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0. The airport is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway name of 08/26 Kaagbaan. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas are called Texans and English is spoken in the United States. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas are called Texans and the language spoken is Spanish. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the capital is Austin. Houston is the largest city in Texas. 
The Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, inAngola. It is 159 metres above sea level and is 159 metres above sea level. 
The Flemish Government is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish Region. The airport is located at 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Ellington, Wisconsin. Appleton is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518 metres and is located at 34 metres above sea level. The runway name is 07/25 and it has a surface type of Poaceae. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 1411.0 and is located at 34 metres above sea level. The runway name is 03L/21R and it has a surface type of Poaceae. 
The Turkmenistan Airlines operates the Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat and is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. The airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and is named 4/22. 
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain. The airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Eгг Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is a flowering plant and is a class of Monocotyledon. The order of the order of Commelinids is Poaceae. 
Aaron Bertram is a Ska punk musician who plays for the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Kids Imagine Nation. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Brian Robertson. 
Solo singer, Aaron Deer, is a solo singer who is from Indiana, Indiana. 
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is associated with the band Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters. He is a member of the band Lotus Eaters. 
Born in 1995, he is a post metal musician who played for the band Twilight and is associated with the band Lotus Eaters. 
Born in 1995, he performs post-metal music. He is associated with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom. 
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner plays black metal music and is associated with the band Twilight. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is Black metal, which is a fusion of death metal. He is associated with Mamiffer and is a member of the band Mamiffer. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is a solo singer. He performs Guaraania music and is a solo singer. 
Al Anderson, who was born in Windsor, Connecticut, began his career in 1966 and is associated with The Wildweeds. He is a member of the band NRBQ and started his career in 1966. 
Alan Frew plays rock music which has its origins in blues and blues. The musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music. 
Solo singer, Albennie Jones was born in the United States in 1914. He is a solo singer. 
Solo singer, Albennie Jones, is a solo singer. Rhythm and blues originated from blues and has disco as a derivative. 
A.Kovač was born in the city of Belde in 1972. He is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer. 
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer. 
Acharya Kovač was born in the city of Belde in 1972. He is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer. 
Alex Day, who started performing in 2006, is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He is an electric musician. 
Alex Day is a solo singer whose genre is Syntthpop. The genre is a derivative of the house music and is a derivative of the house music. 
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began his career in 1963 and is associated with the band Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. He is associated with the band Head South By Weaving. 
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the London label Fruits de Mer Records and is signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records. 
Rock musician, Anders Osborne, is associated with the band Galactic and Billy Iuso. He is associated with the band Tab Benoit and the band Galactic. 
Rock musician, Anders Osborne, is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Billy Iuso. He is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
Andrew Rayel is a performer of the musical genre of Trance music, which originated from pop music. He is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. 
Andrew Rayel, who started performing in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He is associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. 
Andrew Rayel is a performer of the musical genre of Trance music. He is associated with the musical artist John Digweed and John Digweed. The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is pop music. 
Andrew White, who started performing in 2003, is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs. He is signed to Polydor Records and is signed to Polydor Records. 
Agustina Barboza was born in Asuncion, Gran Asunción, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader. He died in Asuncion, part of Gran Asunción. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artists Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England, England. He is a member of the Labour Party in the UK and is part of Greater Manchester. 
The leader of Uruguay is Tabare Vázquez and the country is Montevideo, where the people are called Uruguayans. Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, which is located in Uruguay. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on August 1, 1974. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a test pilot and was a test pilot. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. 
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 which was a crew member of NASA. The Apollo 12 was a commander of NASA and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is part of Esex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States, where the country is the location of the country. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis. 
Test pilot Elliot See, who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, was born on February 28, 1966 in St Louis. He was a test pilot. 
Elliot See was born in St Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 which was commander Frank Borman. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was a backup pilot and Buzz Aldrin. 
Aben Hernández plays for Penarol and also for the Central Español club. He plays for the club, Penarol and is managed by Steve Bruce. 
Aben Hernández plays for the Peñarol club and plays for the club, Peñarol. He is a member of the Serie A league in Palermo. The manager of the club is Giuseppe Iachini. 
Adam McQuaid plays for the Boston Bruins who are based in Columbus, Ohio. He was drafted by the Boston Bruins whose general manager is Don Sweeney. 
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and formerly played for the New England Patriots. He was formerly a member of the New England Patriots. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on September 27th 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor. The manager of the club is Amar Osim. 
Alan Martin plays for the club Accrington Stanley F.C. whose manager is Barry Ferguson. He also plays for the club Accrington Stanley F.C. which is located in Accrington. 
Alan Martin was born on January 1, 1989 and has a height of 185.42 centimetres. He plays for the club Crewe Alexandra FC and is a member of the clubHamilton Academical FC. 
Alan Martin plays for the club Clyde FC whose ground is Fir Park and he plays for the club Clyde FC. The manager of the club is Barry Ferguson. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose ground is Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and the manager is Levan Khomeriki. He also plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose manager is Levan Khomeriki. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and the Olympique Lyonnais club whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas. He plays for the Olympique Lyonnais which is located at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais ground. 
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 9, 1989. He plays for the club Anyang Halla and was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 9, 1989. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the national anthem is Canada. The country is the birthplace of Alex Plante. Black Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada. 
Canada is the birth place of Aaron Boogaard who was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the language is Slavey. 
Alan Martin plays for the club Barrow A.F.C. and is a member of the Barrow A.F.C. whose manager is Barry Ferguson. He also plays for the club Barrow A.F.C. and the ground is the B Roadwood Stadium. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. He also plays for FC Samtredia, which is located at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valerery Petrakov and played in the Russian Premier League in 2014. The club is based in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valerery Petrakov. 
Akeem Dent, who was a debutant team, was a member of the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta. He also played for the Houston Texans who are owned by Bob McNair. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and also for SV Werder Bremen II. He plays in the Bundesliga League and is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. The country is home to Asian South Africans and the Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. The country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of Cleveland is the Cleveland City Council. 
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue was started in January 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of the country is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and the leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of the city is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and the leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and is owned by Bella Center. The hotel has 23 floors and is owned by Marriott International. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and is owned by Bella Center. The architect is 3XN and it has 23 floors. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor and Jacabian style. It was completed in 1931. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil. The country is the location of the Adisham Hall in Haputale, Sri Lanka. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka and has Tudor Revival style. It was completed in 1931. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan, where the Filipinos are an ethnic group. 
The current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business in the United States. The architect is Robert A M Stern and the current tenant is the Mason School of Business. 
The current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business, which is located in Virginia, United States. The Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 and was completed on 1 June 2009. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India and is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where T S Thakur is the leader. The country's leader is T S Thakur. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in San Francisco. She has significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Asilomar State Beach. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the significant buildings of Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. New York City is part of Manhattan and New Netherland is part of New Netherland. 
The architect of 103 Colmore Row, John Madin, is a political politician who is a native of Birmingham, where the postcode area is B. The postcode area is the postcode area. 
The Addis Ababa Stadium is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the leader is the President. The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan and the leader is the President. 
The celestial body known as (19255) 1994 VK8 has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 5.6 kg. Its orbital period is 87888850000.0 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0. 
The celestial body known as (1960255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 87888850000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.1225 km per sec. Its epoch date is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 87888850000.0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 36029 days. Its apoapsis is 2549570.60815 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 36029 days. It has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 1001 Gaussia is Sergey Belyavsky. It has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres. Its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson, a Canada who was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in the German Empire and died in Göttingen. He studied at the University of Gottingen. 
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at Halton Arp and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. 
James Craig Watson, a Canada, discovered 103 Hera, has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and was born in Madison, Wisconsin. 
James Craig Watson, a Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and died in peritonitis. 
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st 2001 and died in Chennai. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of9.8 kg. It has an orbital period of135589000.0 and a periapsis of 2791422000000.0. 
The epoch date of1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of 2.7 kg. It has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and a periapsis of 349206000000.0. 
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC. English is spoken in Texas. 
Albanny is part of Georgia in the United States. The country is home to Americans and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Georgia in the United States. The country is where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the country is Salem and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The area code of Albuquerque, New Mexico is 505, 575 and it has a total area of490.9 square kilometres. The population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 488.2 square kilometres. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The state Assembly is the leader of Anaheim, which is led by the California State Assembly. Orange County is part of the Greater Los Angeles area. 
The total area of the city of Angola, Indiana is 16.55 square kilometres and is in the state of Steuben County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is home to the Americans and is the location of the country of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is home to the Americans and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Antioch, California has a total area of 75324 square kilometres and a CODE of925. It has a offset of -7 and a total area of 75324 square kilometres. 
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and has a total area of4.14 square kilometres. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres and is located in Pierce County, Washington. 
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, in the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. The country is the location of Auburn, which is part of King County, Washington. 
The area code of Austin, Texas is 512 and it has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 512 and it has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres. 
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The language spoken in California is Spanish. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is the location of Albany, Linn County, Oregon, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. The country has an ethnic group of Native Americans and the capital is Washington DC. 
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. The country is home to Americans and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The country of Akron is Summit County, Ohio, in the United States. The country is home to Asian Americans and the demonym is Americans. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The United States is the location of the country of Angola, part of Steuben County, Indiana. The English language is spoken in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States, which is part of the United States Congress and is led by Anaheim, California. The English language is spoken in the United States. 
The creator of bananaman, which was created by Steve Bright, was Tim Brooke-Taylor and first aired on 3 October 1983. 
The comic character, Bolt, is also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Puerto Rican. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who is a American, created the character of Baymax, which is a character in the film Big Hero 6, starring Damon Wayans Jr. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who is a American, created the character of Baymax, which is a character in the film Big Hero 6, starring Jamie Chung. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who is a American, created the character of Baymax, which is a character in the film Big Hero 6, starring Maya Rudolph. 
The United States is the location of AmeriGas which is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, which has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and the North American Eastern Time Zone. 
The United States, which was founded on July 4,1776, has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. 
Chinabank was founded on August 16, 1920 and has a net income of 15100000000. It has 295 locations and a net income of 15100000000. 
The company, GMA New Media, is a entertainment industry which is located in Quezon City. It is affiliated with the Philippine Entertainment Portal and is affiliated with the World Wide Web. 
Felipe Gozon is the key person of the company, GMA New Media, which is located in the Philippines. The company is located in theGMA Network Center and makes mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a Pharmaceutical company which was founded on January 1, 2001 and is a subsidiary. The company is a type of healthcare company. The key person of Hypermarcas is CEO. 
Hypermarcas, a drugs company, is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil, where the leader is the President of the Supreme Federal Court. 
Hypermarcas, a company which produces healthcare, is located in Sao Paulo and has a total of $100,000,000. It is located in Sao Paulo and has a revenue of 1800000000. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. It contains bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. 
Ajoblanco is a traditional dish from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo blanco, which contains water. 
The Javanese dish of Arem-arem is a variation of Lemper and is a dish from Java. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. 
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia but more specific to Java. It includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. 
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and are found in Rome, Italy. It is a traditional dish from Rome. 
Arros negre is from Catalonia, Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Arros negre is from Catalonia, Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malay and the Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in Sumatra. 
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredient is bacon and it contains sausage. 
The country Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington DC and the leader is Paul Ryan. 
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and is a popular in the UK. The latter includes the alternative names of bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. 
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and is a popular in the UK. It is also known as the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, and bacon muffin. The latter includes the ingredients brown sauce. 
The bacon sandwich is a popular in the UK and has the main ingredients bread and bacon, often ketchup or brown sauce. The main ingredients are bread and bacon, which is often known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, and bacon muffin. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is a food found in France, United States or China and is a country where the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, United States. 
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a variation of the dish Bakewell pudding. Frangipane is an ingredient in the dish. 
Bakewell pudding is a dessert which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. It includes ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a variation of the dish of Bakewell pudding which is a variation of shortcrust pastry. 
The main ingredients of the dish Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The country is Colombian cuisine. 
The main ingredients of the dish, Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and Siomay. It is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish variation of Siomay. 
The dish Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish from Indonesia. It is a variation of Siomay and Siomay. Shiitake is an ingredient in the dish. 
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. It is a dish from Indonesia and Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of beef kway teow are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. It is a dish nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of beef kway teow are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. It is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. 
Bhajji is a dish from India and is also known as Bhaji, bajji. It contains gram flour and vegetables. 
Bhajji is a dish from the region of Karnataka, India. The leader of the country is Narendra Modi and the leader is Vajjibhai Vala. 
Bhajji is a food found in the country of India, where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan. The country is led by Vajjibhai Vala. 
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and is from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It contains coconut milk and is a main ingredient of a sweet potato. 
Bionico is a food found in Mexico and is a food found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. 
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert found in Mexico, where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. 
Bakso is a Chinese cuisine from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the language is Indonesian. The country is led by Jusuf Kalla. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini. Italian is the language spoken in Italy. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from the country of Java, where the language is English. The country is the location of the dish and the country is where the banyumasan people are an ethnic group. 
The country of Java is the location of the Ayam penyet which is a dish from the country of Java. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and the ethnic group of Java is the Banyumasan people. 
The Philippines is home to the ethnic groups of Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino. The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish and the country is also where Batchoy comes from. 
Arros negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the Euro is the currency. The country is led by Felipe VI and the ethnic group is Spaniards. 
The 1955 Dodge is a V8 engine and is a 120.0 inches wheelbase. It is manufactured by Dodge and has a 3 speed automatic transmission. 
The DeSoto Custom, manufactured by DeSoto, is related to the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom. The DeSoto Custom was succeeded by DeSoto Firedome. 
TheAIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a beam of 32.2 and a length of 2500.0 millimetres. It has a maiden voyage on March 22nd 2009 and a beam of 32.2. 
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It is owned by Costa Crociere and has a 32.2 beam. 
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It is owned by Costa Crociere and is owned by Costa Crociere. 
TheAIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and was built on May 1950 and August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a V12 engine. 
The American Motors Matador is a station wagon assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a AMC V8 engine. It is also known as the American Motors Matador. 
The American Motors Matador is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a straight-6 engine and is also known as the American Motors Matador. 
The AMC Matador is a full-size car assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a straight-6 engine. The alternative name of the AMC Matador is VAM Classic. 
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon style style. It has a AMC V8 engine and a station wagon style. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a two door coupe and a straight four engine. It was completed in 1958 and has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. 
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle assembled at Marysville Auto Plant and has a front engine design. It has a Honda K engine and a front engine design. 
The icebreaker, Aklesey Chirikov, was built in Finland and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a 21.2 beam and a length of 99.83. 
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built in Finland and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a 21.2 beam and a 21.2 beam. 
The icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov, was built in Helsinki, Finland. It has a 21.2 beam and is in service. 
The icebreaker Aklesey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. The leader of Finland is Sauli Niinisto and the leader is Juha Sipilä. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a straight four engine. It has a straight four engine and the Saab 9000 engine. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a straight four engine. It has a straight four engine and the Lancia Thema. 
The American Motors, whose key person is Roy D Chapin Jr, was a commander of the AMC Matador. The company was made by Chrysler and the successor was the Eagle. 
The American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h and a beam of 3.8m. It was launched on January 25, 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its final flight was on the 28th of October 2014. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the UK, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Audi A1 is a Hatchback body style and is assembled in the Audi Brussels. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a 5 speed manual transmission. 
The Audi A1 is a luxury car which was founded by August Horch and is a division of Audi e-tron. The Audi is a subsidiary of the Ducati. 
The Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and owned theAIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company is located in Illinois and has AIDAluna which is powered by AIDAluna. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. 
The General Dynamics Electric Boat, located in Groton, Connecticut, is the parent company of General Dynamics. The American submarine NR-1 has a beam of 3.8m and is built by the General Dynamics Electric Boat, which is located in Groton, Connecticut. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is in Rostock, Germany. The leader of the country is Andreas Voßkuhle. 
The country of the United States is the origin of the ALV X-1 and the capital is Washington DC. The country has white Americans as one of the ethnic groups and the Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Cumberland County to its north. Carroll County to its north and Cumberland County to its north. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County has Franklinlin County to its north and Carroll County to its southeast. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister and the leader is Prime Minister. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the American Civil War and died in West Roxbury. He was a fighter in the American Civil War. 
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was a fighter in the Battle of the Wilderness. He was a fighter in the Battle of the Wilderness and was award of Purple Heart. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Leiden University. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He represented the Asajaya region and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Japan and resides in Kuching. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Born in Spain, Abilene Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister. He was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Prime Minister and Francisco Franco was Prime Minister. 
Abilene Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies. 
Abilene, Spain, was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and worked as the Minister of Transport. 
Born in Redgewood, Queens, Abner W. Sibal, was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. 
The United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office was the birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicoff who was born in the United States. He worked at the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He died in New York City. 
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell was a commander. He fought in the Gulf War where Adam Holloway was a member of the Grenadier Guards. 
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the language spoken is Kashubian. He fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the language spoken is Polish and the commander was Joseph Stalin. 
Born in Poland, Adam Koc was a national of Poland. The language spoken in Poland is Polish and the commander was Leon Trotsky. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish-Soviet War. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis. 
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy Party in Greece which has the colour blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and started his career on March 4th 1974. He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and started his career on June 30th, 1953. He fought in World War II and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia on 3rd July 1941. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York, United States and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. 
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20,1891. He was a Rearadmiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Born in Imst, Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach, died in Styria, in Austria-Hungary. 
Born in the state of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol. He died in Graz, in Graz, in Graz. 
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. 
The Governor of Texas, Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin is a member of the United States Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster. He is a member of the United States Whig Party which has the largest city of Burlington. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and was a member of the 3rd Congressional District in Vermont. He was a member of the 3rd Congressional District in Vermont. 
The United States is the country of the birthplace of A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut. He was a national of the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. 
The full name of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and they have 39371 members. Their ground is Verona, Italy and they played in the 2014-15 Serie A season. 
A.C. Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran who was born in Italy. He plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and is a member of the Carraarese Calcio. 
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and Bari 1908. He is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane. 
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and the language is Greek. The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis and the leader is Alexis Tsipras. 
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and it has 5300 members. It was played in the 2014 season and has a total area of 5300 members. 
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and it has 5300 members. Their ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti and they competed in the 2014 season. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio, full name Livorno Calcio S.p.A., has 19238 members and played in Serie B in the 2014-15 Serie B season. Their ground is Stadio Armando Picchi. 
A.S. Roma has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome and has a full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season. 
AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. The AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan. 
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and their ground is the AZAL Arena. The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League are Qarabag FK. 
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is managed by Robert Eenhoorn. He plays for Istanbulspor A.Ş and also for AFC Ajax. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a Brazilian league in Brazil and has the nickname Asa Gigante. The champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube. 
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. The league was played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which has Vila Nova Futebol Clube as its champions. 
The full name of Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault and has 3000 members. Their manager is Denzil Antonio. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. The league has the champions K-W United FC and is based in the Premier Development League which is led by K-W United FC. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The language spoken in Italy is Italian. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome. Italian is the official language of Italy. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A league, where Juventus FC are champions. Their ground is Stadio Olimpico. 
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and was established in 1996. It has 600 students and its leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. 
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education located in Mumbai. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader and the capital is Bucharest. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and the Germans of Romania are an ethnic group. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It is affiliated with the European University Association and is affiliated with the European University Association. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 16000 students and 16,000 students. 
The book "1634: The Bavarian Crisis" was written in English and was written by David Weber. It was preceded by the Ring of Fire II which is written in English. 
The book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, was written by Virginia DeMarce, has 512 pages and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. It is available in the E-Book. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital city is London and the leader of the country is Elizabeth II. 
The book A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V Jones and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. 
The book A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture. It was followed by Annie Dunne and was followed by The Secret Scripture. 
A Severed Wasp is print and has the OCLC number 8805735. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and the OCLC number 8805735. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and OCLC number 8805735. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number of318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The Addiction Journal, which has the abbreviation of Addiction, has the ISSN number 1360-0443 and the LCCN number 93645978. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornelell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is home to the African Americans. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, which has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number of 1080-6377. It is published in Bmonthly and has an ISSN number of 1080-6377. 
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. It has an ISSN number of 1080-6377. It has an ISSN number of 1080-6377. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where the language is English, and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is the leader. The country is led by Elizabeth II and Elizabeth II is the leader. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain. The language spoken in the United States is English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain. The language spoken in the United States is English, which is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is led by the leader of the United States where English is spoken. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0 and is located in the United States. 
The Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas and has a runway length of 2194.0. It is 546 metres above sea level and the ICAO location identifier is KABI. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway named 14L/32R. The airport has a length of 4349.0. 
The ICAO location identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. 
The native name of the airport is Kheria Air Force Station and is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bandelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The United States Air Force has a fighter called the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and a Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighter. The United States Air Force fought in the United States invasion of Panama and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III aircraft fighter. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The aircraft fighters of the United States Air Force are the Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase. The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War. The aircraft carriers of the United States Air Force are the Lockheed AC-130 and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules. 
The United States Air Force deploy Al Asad airbase. The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft and the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft. The United States Air Force fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located inPunjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The airport is located inPunjab, Pakistan where Shehbaz Sharif is the leader. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves Andrews, Texas. It is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 894 metres. The airport has a runway name of 11/29 and is 886.0 long. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the Spanish language is spoken. Houston is the largest city in Texas. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas, where the demonym is Texan. 
The city of Luanda is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, in the country ofAngola. The airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda. 
The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, inAngola. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0. 
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the owner of the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level. It is operated by the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. The airport has a runway name of 3/21 and is named 3/21. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin, United States. It is served by Appleton International Airport. Greenville is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin. 
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport in New Zealand. It is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway named 03R/21L and a length of 1411.0. The runway is made of Poaceae. 
The Turkmenistan Airlines operates the Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. The runway name is 12R/30L and the runway name is 12R/30L. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The airport has the ICAO location identifier KACY and a runway length of 1873.0. The airport has the ICAO location identifier of KACY. 
The city of Antwerp is served by the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and the leader is Charles Michel. German is the language spoken in Belgium. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in the city of Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and is 23.0 metres above sea level. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500. 
Aaron Bertram is a singer from the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Kids Imagine Nation. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Kids Imagine Nation. Ska punk originated from punk rock. 
Solo singer, Aaron Deer, is from the United States and is a solo singer. He is associated with the band Wee Giant and is a member of the band Wee Giant. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays electric guitar and is associated with Mamiffer and House of Low Culture. He is a member of the band Mamiffer. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and is associated with the band Greymachine. He is associated with the band Greymachine and is associated with the band Greymachine. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is a singer from the band Twilight and is a member of the Lotus Eaters band. He is an artist of the musical genre of Sludge metal. 
Abradab, which began in 1994, is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the rapper Magik. It is associated with the band Kaliber 44. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader and the language spoken is Spanish. The country is led by Juan Afara and the ethnic group is Mestezo. 
The musical genre of the musical genre of Ahmed Ertegun is rhythm and blues. The origin of the blues is blues and the origin of the blues. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The musician, Ahmed Ertegun, was born in 1923 in Washington DC, United States. He is a non performing personnel and is a non performing personnel. 
Solo singer Alan Frew is a solo singer. Rock music has its origins in the country and the fusion genre of bhangra. 
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Canada and is a solo singer. He is a musician who was born in Coatbridge. 
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering. He started performing in 2006 and is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, London, where the Labour Party is the leader. He died in Sidcup, London. The Labour Party is the leader of London, which is led by the European Parliament. 
Solo singer, Alfredo Zitarrosa, is signed to the record label RCA Records and is associated with the musical artist Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Penaes. He is a solo singer. 
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell, who began his career in 1963, is associated with the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle. He is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. 
Born in 1989, he is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Billy Iuso. 
The guitarist, Anders Osborne, is a guitarist who is associated with Johnny Sansone and is signed to the label Okeh Records. He is a performer of rock music which has the fusion genre Bhangra. 
The singer, who was born in Romania in 1986, is a solo singer. He is a solo singer. 
The singer, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. He is a solo singer and has a background as a solo singer. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns. 
Andrew White, who began his career in 2003, is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs. He is signed to the B-Unique Records label and Polydor Records. 
Andrew Rayel is a rhythm instrument associated with the musical artists Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artists, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. 
Allen Forrest was born on February 4, 1981 and performs hip hop music. Hip hop has its origins in Disco and Disco. Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader and the language spoken is Spanish. He died in Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara. 
Agustina Barboza was born in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader and the ethnic group is the merizo. He died in Asunción, Gran Asunción. 
Al Anderson is a rock musician who plays the guitar. Rock music has its origins in the country and the blues. The musical fusion genre of rock is bhangra. 
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and is associated with the band House of Low Culture. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and the politician Daniel Martinez. Montevideo is located in Uruguay, where the language spoken is Spanish. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Montevideo is Tabaré Vázquez and the politician Daniel Martinez. The country is home to the people of Uruguay. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He died in California on July 21st 1998. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a crew member of the Apollo 14 crew. 
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 which was a crew member of NASA. He spent 100305 minutes in space and was a crew member of David Scott. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. The university is affiliated with the University of Texas System and is affiliated with the University of Texas System. The president of the University of Texas is Gregory L Fenves. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas, which is part of the state of Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and is affiliated to the Big 12 Conference. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was a backup pilot and Frank Borman was a commander. 
Akeem Dent was a debutant for the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta, Houston. He also played for the Houston Texans who are owned by Arthur Blank. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor. The manager of the club is Amar Osim and the Qatar Stars League is the Qatar Stars League. 
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, has played for the Soviet Union national football team and the club FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valerery Petrakov. He has also played for the Soviet Union national football team and is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow. He plays for FC Terek Grozny, which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow and also for FC Spartak Moscow. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and also for U.C. Sampdoria. He also plays for AC Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović and the manager is Siniša Mihajlović. 
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for the Italian national under 17 football team, plays for the club U.C. Sampdoria and also for the club U.C. Sampdoria. He currently plays for the Italian national under 17 football team and is a current club for AC Milan. Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of AC Milan. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow. He also plays for FC Terek Grozny, which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. 
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco and the manager is Thomas Doll. He also played for the Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Gábor Kubatov. 
Akeem Ayers, whose debutant team is the Los Angeles Rams who play in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, plays for the Los Angeles Rams who are based in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Mike Mularkey is the coach of the Tennessee Titans. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II. The currency is the pound sterling and the leader is Boris Johnson. 
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, was started in January 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has a cost of 110 million dollars and a floor count of 12. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and it has 60 floors. The city is part of DuPage County, Illinois. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of the country is Dáil Éireann and the leader is Dáil Éireann. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka and is located in the state of Sri Lanka. It is located at St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka. The building was completed in 1931 and has Tudor and Jacabian style. 
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. The country is the location of the Adisham Hall. 
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The country is the location of the Adisham Hall in Haputale. The country is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Taro Asō and the ethnic group is the Japanese people. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the legislature is theGujarat Legislative Assembly. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where the leader is T S Thakur and the legislature is theGujarat Legislative Assembly. The city is led by T S Thakur. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader is Austin Fernando. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan, who was born in California and designed the significant buildings of Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and Hearst Castle. She has designed the significant buildings of the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Hearst Castle. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the significant buildings of Chinatown, San Francisco and Hearst Castle. She has designed the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum and the Hearst Castle. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, built in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, are located on 23rd Street in Manhattan and are designed in Romanesque Revival style. The grounds are located on 23rd Street in Manhattan. The reference number of the grounds is 80002709 and the reference number is 80002709. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. The leader of New York City is Gale Brewer and the country is led by the leader of Manhattan. 
The architect of 103 Colmore Row was John Madin who was born in Birmingham, which has the postcode area of B and the governing body of the Birmingham City Council. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham. 
The city of Addis Ababa is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and Hailemariam Desalegn. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is the President and the language is English. The leader of the United States is John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is the President and the language is English. The leader of the United States is Joe Biden and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. 
The epoch date for (66063) 1998 RO1 is on 2013-11-04 and has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. It has an orbital period of 36029 days and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004. It has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. Its density is 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre. 
The American James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 101 Helena on August 15,1868. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canada whose alma mater was the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. He died in peritonitis. 
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He graduated from the University of Gottingen and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. 
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at Halton Arp and Allan Sandage. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. 
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which was discovered on 17 November 1868. He died in Chennai. 
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202.846 days. It has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec. It has an orbital period of135589000.0 and an apoapsis of511592000.0 kilometres. 
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. It has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. 
The area code of Abilene is 320 and it has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. It has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. 
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish. 
Albanny is part of Georgia in the United States. The country is home to Asian Americans and English is spoken. The country is home to the Americans and the country is home to the Asian Americans. 
The total area of Albuquerque, New Mexico is 476.2 square kilometres and it has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 505, 575 and it has a total area of490.9 square kilometres. 
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol and is led by Tom Tait. The country is led by Tom Tait and is led by the United States House of Representatives which is located in the United States Capitol. 
The leader of the United States is the Democratic Party, which has its headquarters in Washington DC. The country is part of Indiana, which is part of Indiana. Indiana is part of the United States. Indiana is part of the country and the capital is Indianapolis. 
The population density of the city of Anderson, Indiana is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. It is located in Indiana and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. The area code is 765 and it has an elevation of 268.0 above sea level. 
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The country has a total area of 75324 square kilometres and the language spoken in California is Chinese. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. The country is the location of Attica, which is part of Fountain County, Indiana. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The County seat is Opelika and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the county seat is Georgetown and the largest city is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the capital is Indiana. The city of Indiana is located in the state of Indiana, which is part of the state of Indiana, which is the location of Alexandria. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where English is spoken. The state is the location of the state of Tarrant County, Texas, where the state's county seat is Fort Worth. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where Austin is the capital and Houston is the largest city. The capital of Texas is Austin and the capital is Austin. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the capital is Austin. 
The leader of the United States is the Mayor and the country is located in Dougherty County, Georgia. The country is led by the Mayor and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. The country is home to Americans and the capital is Washington DC. The country is home to African Americans and the ethnic group is African Americans. 
The United States is home to Americans and is the location of Akron, Summit County, Ohio. The capital of the United States is Washington DC and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is led by the President and is home to African Americans. The country is located in the state of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is led by the President and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans. 
The United States is the location of Albany, part of Benton County, Oregon. The country is located in the United States, where English is spoken and the capital is Washington DC. Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is home to Asian Americans and is the location of Albany, Oregon, in Oregon. The capital of the country is Washington DC and the language spoken is English. The country is the location of Albany, Oregon. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The County seat of Lee County is Opelika and the Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The United States is led by the Albuquerque City Council and is led by the Albuquerque City Council. The country is led byBarack Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. The language spoken in the United States is English. 
The United States is home to the Americans and is the location of the country of Angola, Indiana. The country is where the English language is spoken and the people are called Americans. The country is the location of the country. 
The leader of the United States is the President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. The country is home to the country and the leader is the President. 
The capital of Washington state is Olympia, and the capital is Olympia. The state is part of King County, Washington, United States. The country's largest city is Seattle. 
The BBC broadcast bananaman, which was created by John Geering, first aired on 3 October 1983 and last aired on 15 April 1986. It was broadcast by the BBC and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who is an American, was a creator of the comic book character Big Hero 6, which stars Scott Adsit. 
Chinabank was founded inManila on August 16, 1920. It has 295 locations and a net income of 15100000000. It has 295 locations and a net income of 15100000000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in the mass media industry, which is located in the GMA Network Center. The company was founded on January 1,2000 and makes mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas is a cosmetics company founded on January 1, 2001 and is located in Brazil. It is a healthcare company which has a population density of 238.0. 
Trane is a subsidiary company founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It is located in Ireland, which is located in Europe. It has 29,000 employees. 
Trane is a subsidiary company that produces building management systems and is located in Swords, Dublin. It has a net income of $556,300,000 and a net income of $556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. It contains bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It is also known as Ajo blanco. 
Amatriciana sauce is a Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. It includes tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil. It is a traditional dish from the Lazio region of Italy. 
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The country is led by Joko Widodo and the language is Indonesian. 
Arrosabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. Italians are the people of Italy, where the language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of the country is Ximo Puig and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Spaniards are the demonym of Spaniards. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia. 
The main ingredients of the dish Ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and can be found nationwide in Malaysia and Singapore. It is a popular dish in Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. 
The main ingredients of the dish Ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. It is a food found in Indonesia and is a country where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. 
The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia where the dish Ayam penyet comes from. The dish comes from Indonesia and is a dish from Indonesia. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital city is Washington DC. The country is led by Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is White Americans. 
The country Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader and the capital is Washington DC. The country is led by Joe Biden and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, where the leader is Gérard Larcher and the leader is Gérard Larcher. The French language is spoken in France. 
The Colombian dish Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. It includes the ingredient of lemon, which is a member of the Rutaceae family. 
Barny cakes are a popular dessert in France, where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. Barny cakes are served in France. 
Barny cakes are created by the Mondelez International, founded in Chicago. The country is led by Gérard Larcher and the French language is spoken. 
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan. The country is led by Sumitra Mahajan and Sumitra Mahajan. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is a dessert which contains sweet potato. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. The language spoken in Mexico is Spanish and the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The language spoken in Mexico is Spanish and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. 
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it is a dessert. It is a dessert variation of honey. 
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the country is located in Indonesia. The country is also popular in the neighboring Southeast Asian countries. Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the capital is Jakarta. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and Jusuf Kalla are leaders. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso. 
The dish Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is English. The country is led by Halimah Yacob and the country is the location of the dish. The country is also home to the banyumasan people. 
The country of Java is the location of the Ayam penyet which is a dish from Java. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and the language is Standard Chinese. The country is led by Halimah Yacob. 
The Ilocano people and Ilocano people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where the official language is Philippine English. The Ilocano people are an ethnic group in the country and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups. The official language is Philippine English. 
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob. The language spoken in Singapore is English and the dish is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. 
Ajoblanco is a traditional dish from Andalusia, Spain. The leader of the country is Felipe VI and Susana Diaz. The country is led by Spaniards and the leader is Felipe VI. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the Euro. The country is led by Felipe VI and the people are called Spaniards. 
TheAIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and has a 32.2 beam and a top speed of 38892. It is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was built on May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine. 
The American Motors Matador is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a AMC V8 engine and a station wagon style body. The alternative name of the AMC Matador is American Motors Matador. 
The Alhambra is owned by the P&O company and is 63800.0 millimetres long. It was built by the Samuda Brothers and is owned by the P&O company. The Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes is located in Deptford. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres and its final flight was on September 18, 2013. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. 
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II rocket, which was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Vandenberg Air Force Base. 
The Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Airbus Defence and Space and was launched from the Guiana Space Centre. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its final flight was on December 18, 2009. 
The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its final flight was on the 2nd March 2004. It was launched from the ELA-3 and its final flight was on the 27th of September 2003. 
The Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS, which is manufactured by the Aston Martin. The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the UK, where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
The Atlas II, from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diameter of3.04m and its final flight was on March 16th 1998. 
The Audi A1 is a diesel engine and has a 1.2 litre engine. It is assembled in Brussels, Belgium and has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company is located in Illinois and is owned by AIDA Cruises. The company is located in Illinois. 
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, which is owned by Costa Crociere, which is owned by the Carnival Corporation & plc and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is located in Genoa. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. The rocket is comparable to the Delta II. The rocket is associated with the minotaur IV. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. The rocket is associated with the minotaur IV. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Jokem Gauck. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, a German national who is located in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich and the people are called Germans. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is similar to the Delta II. The rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket is associated with the minotaur V. 
The United States is home to White Americans and the capital city is Washington DC. The country has the national anthem of the Star Spangled Banner and the country's ALV X-1 originated from the United States. The country has the national anthem of the Star Spangled Banner. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality ofGettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County has Franklinlin County to its north and Cumberland County to its north. To its north is Cumberland County to its north and Cumberland County to its north. 
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan and the capital is Baku. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan, where the Prime Minister is the Prime Minister. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The birth place of Abdul Taib Mahmud is the Kingdom of Sarawak and he resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was the successor of the same party. He was the alma mater of the University of Adelaide. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was in the Nigerian Army. He was succeeded by Oladipo Diya and his career began on 29th May 1999. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. 
American American, A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He was a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He died in New York City. 
American, Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and died in the United States. He was a national of the United States where one of the ethnic groups is the Native Americans. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from the Granier Guards. He was a member of the Parliament for Gravesham and began his career on 5th May 2005. He was a member of the Parliament for Gravesham. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and he worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. He was a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Mark Rutte are leaders. He worked in the Parliamentary group and worked as a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Mark Rutte are leaders. The country is led by the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, which is red. 
Albert B White was born in Marytta, Ohio and was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland. He died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was born in Bloomington, Maryland. 
Argentina national, Alberto Teisaire, died in Argentina, where the capital is the city Legislature and the language spoken is Spanish. The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti and the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature. 
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where the language spoken is Spanish. He died in Argentina, where the governing body is the city Legislature and the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. 
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20,1891. He worked as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy and was a member of the Argentine Senate. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Alvah Sabin, who started his career on March 4,1853, was born in Sycamore, Illinois and graduated from Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He was born in Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. He was born in Georgia and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party, which is led by Henry Clay. He was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and was a member of the United States Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster. He was a member of the United States Whig Party which is the location of the largest city in Vermont. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. He was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister and his deputy is Evangelos Venizelos. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis. 
Born in Imst, Austria, the leader of Austria is Doris Bures. He was born in Imst, Austria. Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, in the Netherlands, where the Euro is the currency. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and the leader is Mark Rutte. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC. He is a footballer for the club Chesterfield FC and is led by Gordon Marsden. 
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC. He plays in the Superleague Greece where the champions are Olympiacos FC. 
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is located in Alagoas. The ground of the club is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, located in Alagoas. 
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is in Brazil. The ground of the club is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is located in Arapiraca. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is based in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which has 17000 members. Their manager is Vica and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which has Vila Nova Futebol Clube. 
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The state is located to the west of Telangana and the Arabian Sea is to the west. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, which is led by Kempe Gowda I. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The state is located to the Arabian Sea and the founder of the city is Kempe Gowda I. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It has a staff size of 737. 
The book "A Long Long Way" is written in Ireland, which is led by The Secret Scripture, published by Faber and Faber. The country is located in Europe and has white people as one of the ethnic groups. 
The book "A Long Long Way" was written in Ireland, which is led by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture. It was published by Faber and Faber. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland. 
The novel, Into Battle, which is written by the Australians, is followed by The Violet Keystone and the novel, Into Battle. The novel is followed by The Violet Keystone. 
Cornelell University is located in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. The University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly. 
Cornelell University is located in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama and the language is English, which is spoken in Great Britain. The country is led by the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the English language is spoken in Great Britain. The country is also where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and English is spoken in Great Britain. The country is led by Joe Biden and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The country of the United Kingdom is led by David Cameron and Elizabeth II. The country is the location of the AIDS journal. The capital of the country is London and the language is English. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins, which is affiliated with Wolters Kluwer. The country is led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron. 
The United States is led byBarack Obama and has Native Americans as one of the ethnic groups. The country is the country of the country where the leader is Barack Obama. 
The United States is led byBarack Obama and has Native Americans as one of the ethnic groups. The language spoken in Great Britain is English, which is spoken in Great Britain. The country is the country of the country. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He was a US national who was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 commander David Scott. 
Alan Shepard was a US national who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He retired on August 1, 1974. He retired on August 1, 1974. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon. He was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon. He died on July 21st 1998 in California. The Department of Commerce Gold Medal is the higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. 
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963, was selected by NASA in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 11. 
The fighter pilot, Buzz Aldrin, was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 which was chosen by NASA in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. 
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He retired on September 1st 1969. 
Hypermarcas is a Pharmaceutical company which is a subsidiary of drugs. It was founded on January 1, 2001 and is located in Brazil. The company is a subsidiary of the company. The company is a subsidiary of the company. 
Trane was founded on January 1, 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has 29,000 employees and a revenue of $10,264,000,000. It has a revenue of $10,264,000,000 and an operating income of $875,400,000. 
The bronze Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. The capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan, where the Prime Minister is Artur Rasizade. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland and is owned by the National Park Service. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield which is located in Frederick County, Maryland. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States and is owned by the National Park Service. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. It is located in the state of Bangalore, India. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and the president is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. The Institute was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The country is led by the International Tennis Federation. The country is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. The sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. The national anthem of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. The School is affiliated with the European University Association and is affiliated with the European University Association. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. He was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. He was a test pilot and a commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott. 
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and served as a crew member of Apollo 14. He was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was a US national who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, is a US national who graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States, Biden is the leader of the United States. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He was a crew member of NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963, was selected by NASA in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 crew. William Anders was a backup pilot. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966. 
William Anders, a US national, was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He retired on September 1st 1969. He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1st 1969. 
Hypermarcas is a healthcare company which is located in Sao Paulo. It has a net income of $100,000,000 and a subsidiary of Mantecorp. It has a net income of $100,000,000 and a net income of $100,000,000. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County to its north. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the Institute is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has a motto of Nurturing Excellence. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the Institute is B M Reddy and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has 700 postgraduate students and its president is B M Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala. The Ganges is the largest city in India. The Ganges is the largest city in India. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. The national anthem is Desteapta-te, române! The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's leader is Prime Minister and its national anthem is Desteapta-te, romane! 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and its campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
