SacreBLEU: BLEU = 51.70 100.0/71.4/50.0/20.0 (BP = 1.000 ratio = 1.000 hyp_len = 8 ref_len = 8) 
NLTK BLEU: 0.8232855098262336 
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0. 
The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R. 
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L. 
Infraero is the operating organisation for Afonso Pena International Airport. 
Agra Airport is located in Agra. 
Al Taqaddum Air Base has an elevation of 84.0 above sea level. 
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney. 
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L. 
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0. 
1/19 is the name of the 1/19 runway. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews. 
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas. 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29. 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. 
The city of Luanda serves the city of Luanda. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
The mayor of Athens is Gardner Kaminis. 
Athens International Airport is located in Spata. 
German is the language spoken in Belgium. 
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium. 
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark. 
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. 
The leader of the Flemish Region is the Flemish Government. 
The language of Greece is the Greek language. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's headquarters are Four World Trade Center. 
San Sebastián de los Reyes is located in Spain. 
The state of Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States. 
The South Jersey Transportation Authority's Chief is Stephen Dilts. 
Aaron Bertram started his career in 1998. 
Aaron Deer is associated with the musical artist The Horns of Happiness. 
Aaron Turner's genre is Avant-garde metal. 
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician. 
Aaron Turner is from Boston. 
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik. 
Abradab is a solo singer. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982. 
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. 
Agustín Barboza is signed to Philips Records. 
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger. 
Alennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist Kornnelije Kovač. 
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer. 
Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa's genre is Milonga. 
The record label for Alfredo Zitarrosa is Movieplay. 
Alison O'Donnell started his career in 1963. 
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music. 
The record label of Anders Osborne is Alligator Records. 
The record label of Anders Osborne is Shanachie Records. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jaydan Moyine. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. 
Andrew White is a performer of the musical genre of alternative rock. 
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción. 
The location of Deram Records is London. 
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk. 
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music. 
Jazz has its stylistic origins in Blues. 
The RCA Records is distributed by the Legacy Recordings. 
The band Twilight is a Black metal band. 
The people of the United Kingdom are known as British people. 
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Alan Shepard died in California. 
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. 
The Apollo 14 was operated by NASA. 
The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA. 
Buzz Aldrin is from the United States. 
Elliot See was a test pilot. 
Hook 'em is a mascot at the University of Texas at Austin. 
Silvano Berlusconi is the manager of A.C. Milan. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. 
Aben Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
Aben Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team. 
Abner is a footballer who plays for C.D. FAS. 
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikou, Morocco. 
Adam Maher was born in Diemen. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq. 
Ahmed Kadhim Assad plays for the PAS Tehran F.C. club. 
Akeem Ayers' position is Linebacker. 
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan. 
Akeem Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins club. 
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Badhdad. 
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. 
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays for the Florida Panthers. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr plays for the National Hockey League. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba. 
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9204. 
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba. 
The country of Budapest is in Hungary. 
Inuktitut is the language of Canada. 
The city of Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio. 
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny. 
FC Tom Tomsk plays in the Russian Football National League. 
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valerery Petrakov. 
The general manager of Florida Panthers is Dale Tallon. 
The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is Zan Tabak. 
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais ground. 
The manager of Penarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. 
Point Fortin is from the country of Trinidad. 
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. 
103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row. 
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983. 
200 Public Square was completed in 1985. 
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in January 2009. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom. 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena. 
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge. 
The building of Adare Manor was started in 1700. 
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th of September 2013. 
Alan B Miller Hall is currently tenants of the Mason School of Business. 
B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904. 
The postcode area of Birmingham is the postcode area. 
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois. 
The country of Dublin is Republic of Ireland. 
Dublin is part of Leinster. 
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India. 
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan. 
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan. 
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International. 
The language spoken in Republic of Ireland is English. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa. 
London is the capital of the United Kingdom. 
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States. 
The discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA was Carl A. Wirtanen. 
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0. 
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kg. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec. 
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 kelvins. 
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas. 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla. 
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec. 
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0. 
The escape velocity of1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per sec. 
The mass of1099 Figneria is 2.7 kg. 
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 223326000000.0. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0. 
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 3770160000000.0. 
N.R. Pogson is a national of England. 
The area code of Abilene, Texas is 325. 
Abilene is part of Texas. 
The leader of Albany, Georgia is the Mayor. 
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres. 
Albany, Oregon is in the United States. 
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the state Senate. 
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the Albuquerque City Council. 
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas. 
Amarillo is part of the United States. 
The area code of Anaheim, California is 657. 
The city of Anderson, Indiana is Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. 
The city of Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Administrator. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 above sea level. 
Antioch is led by the California's 11th State Assembly District. 
The elevation above sea level is 184.0. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana. 
Auburn is part of Alabama. 
California is in the United States. 
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Georgia is in the United States. 
The capital of Indiana is Indiana. 
Lee County is in the state of Alabama. 
The capital of New Jersey is Trentton. 
Potter County is in Texas. 
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States. 
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan. 
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny. 
Marv Wolfman was the creator of Auron. 
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby. 
The broadcast of bananaman was STV. 
The first aired by bananaman was on 3rd of October 1983. 
Bill Oddie starred bananaman. 
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6. 
Bill Everett was awarded the Eisner Award. 
Bill Oddie was born by Kate Hardie. 
Dan Mishkin was the creator of the comic character Bolt. 
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man isHugh Hazzard. 
John Buscema was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Eagle Award. 
Cárman Lúcia is the leader of Brazil. 
Chinabank has an income of 15100000000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media. 
The company GMA New Media produces World Wide Web. 
The company GMA New Media is a media company. 
The total area of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38. 
The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal is GMA New Media. 
The ethnic group of the Philippines is Pangasinense. 
Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines. 
The Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency. 
The County Manager is the leader of Swords, Dublin. 
The United States is the nickname of the United States of America. 
Ajoblanco is a alternative name of Ajo blanco. 
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil. 
Arem-arem is a nationwide region in Indonesia but more specific to Java. 
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of Arrobbita sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre. 
The ingredient of Arros negre is squid. 
Asam pedas is from Malaysia. 
Avocado is from the genus Persea. 
Ayam penyet serves hot temperature. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. 
Bakewell tart is a traditional dish from Bakewell tart. 
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso. 
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa. 
Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International. 
Barny Cakes are a dish variation of the dish Barny Cakes. 
Barny Cakes have 1.8g of protein. 
Batchoy is from the Philippines. 
Batchoy is a traditional dish from the dish. 
The ingredients of Batchoy are vegetables. 
Binignit is from the Visayas region. 
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales. 
Cake is a dish that can be served as a dish. 
Ice cream is a dish that can be served as a dessert. 
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. 
Italians are an ethnic group in Italy. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java. 
Lemon is a member of Rosids. 
Mexico is home to the Mexicans. 
The language spoken in Mexico is Spanish. 
The language of the Philippines is Arabic. 
Shumai is a dish that uses Shumai. 
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The alternative name of 1955 Dodge is the Dodge Coronet. 
The 1955 Dodge has a cubic inches engine. 
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. 
The AIDAluna's active years are on March 22nd 2009. 
The ship AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship. 
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft. 
The christening date of the AIDAstella was on March 16th 2013. 
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17, 2013. 
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine. 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems. 
The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958. 
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine. 
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine. 
The Acura TLX has a transmission of 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6). 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a executive car. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to theFiat Croma. 
Alhambra's maiden voyage was on the 7th of July,1855. 
Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3m. 
Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52. 
The Antares rocket was final flight on the 28th of October 2014. 
The Ariane 5 was completed on 11th August 2005. 
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States. 
The final flight of the Atlas II was on March 16th 1998. 
The Audi e-tron is a division of Audi. 
The Audi A1 was assembled at Audi Brussels. 
The company Caterpillar Inc was founded in California. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. 
Caterpillar Inc is located in Peoria, Illinois. 
The Delta II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
The language spoken in Finland is the Smi languages. 
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich. 
The headquarters of the runway of the Guiana Space Centre are in Kourou, French Guiana. 
Honda is in the Acura division. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
The location of the Mecher Werft is Germany. 
The location of the fried egg is Papenburg. 
The architect of the Ataturk Monument (İzmir) is Pietro Canonica. 
Bronze is the bronze memorial in Izmir. 
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan. 
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble. 
Purple Heart is the award of Aaron S Daggett. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud is in the Kota Samarahan region. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army. 
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour (Poland). 
Adam Koc died in New York City. 
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide. 
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping. 
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
Agnes Kant resides in the Netherlands. 
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. 
Airey Neave was a service started in 1933. 
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Outland Campaign. 
Allan Shivers fought in World War II. 
Allan Shivers was a member of the United States Army. 
Alvah Sabin's active years was on March 3rd,1857. 
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States. 
Antonis Samaras was succeeded byKonstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina. 
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria. 
Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War conflict. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
Josef Klaus was a student at the University of Vienna. 
Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Mike Akhigbe was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe. 
Sadique Abubakar was a commander in Nigerian Air Force. 
Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland. 
The language spoken in Poland is Kashubian. 
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Koln. 
1 FC Magdeburg plays in the 2014 season. 
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro season. 
A.D. Isidro Metapán has the full name Asociación Deportiva. 
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the 2014 season. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH season. 
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylde. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members. 
A.S. Roma played in the 2014-15 Serie A season. 
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joken,Godenzonen. 
The number of members of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is 5000 members. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
AZ Alkmaar has 17063 members. 
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season. 
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members. 
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam. 
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece. 
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C. 
Jennings Härtel plays for SV Germania Schöneiche. 
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar. 
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan. 
Massimo Drago plays for the club "Delfino Pescara 1936". 
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League. 
Stuart Parker is a footballer for Bury F.C. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
Alba Iulia is in Romania. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County. 
Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark. 
Eric Flint was the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. 
The Bavarian Crisis was completed by The Grantville Gazettes. 
The Cannon Law is the following nickname for1634: The Ram Rebellion. 
The AIP Advances has an eissn number of 2158. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. 
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3. 
Madeleine L'Engle was the author of A Severed Wasp. 
A Wizard of Mars is written in English. 
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459. 
The book Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Acta Math. Hungar is the abbreviated form of Acta Math. Hungar. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline of Math. 
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the code APGPAC. 
The OCLC number of Addiction is 27367194. 
The Addiction journal was published by Wiley-Blackwell. 
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226. 
Aenir has the OCLC number 45644811. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones. 
The impact factor of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1.37. 
The novel Castle is followed by Aenir. 
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red. 
The genus HIV is Lentivirus. 
John Cowper Powys'snotable work was Wolf Solent. 
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom. 
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. 
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0. 
Agra Airport is located in India where T S Thakur is the leader. 
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 618 feet above sea level. 
The United States Air Force was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom and deploy Al Asad Airbase. 
The United States Air Force was involved in the Battle of Panama and the United States invasion of Panama. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, which is part of the community of Madrid. 
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0 and it has a surface type of Poaceae. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport. 
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. 
The Schiphol Group is operated by Schiphol Group and has a elevation of 3.3528 above sea level. 
The runway at Andrews County Airport is made of Asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital. 
The city of Luanda serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level. 
The location of the airport of Angola International Airport is Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. 
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Grand Chute, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a variation of Poales. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is classed as Monocotyledon. 
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 3800.0. 
The city of Athens is served by Athens International Airport which is located in Spata. 
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and Kids Imagine Nation. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends, which has the genre Ska. 
Aaron Deer is a performer of the psychedelia genre. 
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and the band Lotus Eaters. 
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland. 
Ace Wilder's genre is hip hop music, which has its origins in disco. 
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band. Rock music has its origins in Country music. 
Alan Frew performs rock music which has its origins in Country music. 
Alennie Jones performs jazz music which has its origins in Blues. 
The musical genre of Alennie Jones is rhythm and blues which has its origins in blues. 
Aleksandra Kovac, who started performing in 1990, started performing rock music. 
Alex Day is a singer of the genre of Syntthpop which has its origins in disco. 
Alex Day is a singer of Syntthpop which has its origins in New wave music. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. 
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer. 
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Plastik Mak and the band Head South By Weaving. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who performs the autoharp instrument. 
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs pop music. 
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock which has the fusion genre Nu metal. 
The musical artist of the band Billy Iuso is Theresa Andersson. 
The musical genre of the musical genre of the musical genre of the artist, Anders Osborne, is rhythm and blues. 
The singer, who started performing in 2000, started performing pop music. 
The singer, whose genre is pop music, is a solo singer. 
The musical genre of Andra is pop music, which has a fusion genre of disco. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Mark Sixma and Christian Burns. 
Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. 
The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa was Uruguay. 
Alan Shepard retired on August 1st 1974. He spent a crew member of Apollo 14. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. 
Budding Aldrin, who was retired, was a fighter pilot. 
Buzz Aldrin was a member of the Apollo 11 crew, operated by NASA. 
The fighter pilot, Buzz Aldrin, was a fighter pilot. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and SV Werder Bremen II. 
Aben Hernández plays for the club Peñarol and the club U.S. Citta di Palermo. 
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al Naft and Steel Azin F.C. 
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll. 
Akeem Dent was born on September 27th 1987 and was born on September 27th 1987. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Akeem Dent was a debutant team for the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and Al-Zawra'a SC. 
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for the club Barrow A.F.C. and has played forHamilton Academical FC. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valerery Petrakov. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, which plays in the Russian Football National League. 
A Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Karpaty Lviv. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. 
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender in the A.C. Milan club and he is a member of the A.C. Milan club. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the youth club A.S. Roma who play in Serie A. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989. 
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for the Pallacanestro Cantù club. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language spoken. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language spoken. 
Aben Hernández plays for the clubHull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where coloured people are one of the ethnic groups. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is led by the European Parliament. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and has 60 floors. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin. 
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and has 23 floors. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m tall. 
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor and Jacabian style. 
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken. 
The building of Alan B Miller Hall was started on March 30th, 2007 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way. 
Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary. 
The Alan B. Miller Hall, designed by Robert A. M Stern, was tenanted by the Mason School of Business. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, are located on 23rd Street in Manhattan. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where the leader is called Anandiben Patel. 
The minimum temperature of (410777) 2009 FD is 211 kelvins and it has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. 
The discoverer of the novel,410777) 2009 FD, was Spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000.0. 
The epoch date for (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. 
The epoch date for (66391) 1999 KW4 is on 14th July 2004. It has a rotation period of 9953.28. 
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per sec and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres. 
The average speed of the 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec and it has an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres. 
James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada, discovered 103 Hera. 
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was from Canada. 
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and an apoapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres. 
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The epoch date for 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of135589000.0 and an orbital period of 135589000.0. 
The average speed of1099 Figneria is 16.37 km per sec and it has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 km. 
The epoch date for1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006. It has a periapsis of 349206000000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. 
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA and its epoch date is 27 June 2015. 
The epoch of1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0. 
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. 
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres. 
Albanny is part of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, where Portland is the largest city. 
The total area of Alexandria, Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres and it has a population density of 75.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. 
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and an elevation of 48.0 above sea level. 
The United States is the location of the city of Anderson, which is part of the city of Madison County, Indiana. 
The city of Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is the location of the Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres. 
Atlanta is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, U.S. 
Attica is part of Indiana, United States. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square kilometres. 
Austin is part of Travvis County, Texas, United States. 
Austin, Texas is located in the United States and is led by the City Manager. 
Austin is part of Texas in the United States. 
Attica is part of Indiana, which is located in Indiana. 
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States. 
The language spoken in Texas is English. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. 
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and René Goscinny. 
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles. It was created by Len Wein and was created by Len Wein. 
The comic character, Ballistic, is known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench and Doug Moench. 
The BBC starring Bananaman, which was broadcast by BBC, is Graeme Garden. 
Bill Oddie was born in Lanciashire and starred in bananaman. 
The American born Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway, who was a American. 
The alternative name of the Black Pirate is Jon Valor and was created by Shreeldon Moldoff. 
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle. 
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn. 
The company AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. 
The company AmeriGas is a energy industry serving the United States. 
Chinabank, which has a net income of 15100000000, has a net income of 15100000000. 
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a public company. 
The company, GMA New Media, produces mobile applications and is a mass media company. 
Hypermarcas is a healthcare company which produces cosmetics. 
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation and has a CEO as a key person. 
Hypermarcas is a traditional company found in Brazil. 
Hypermarcas is a food found in Sao Paulo. 
Trane was founded on the 1st of January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. 
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin and is located in Ireland. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain. It contains bread as an ingredient. 
Almond is an ingredient of Ajoblanco, which is from the region of Andalusia. 
The Amatriciana sauce is a dish from Lazio, Italy. 
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. 
The ingredients of the Arem-arem are banana leaf are ingredients in banana leaf. 
The ingredient of the sauce Arrabbiata is olive oil. 
Arrosabbiata sauce is from Italy, where Rome is the capital. 
The tomato is an ingredient in the sauce of Arrosabbiata sauce, which is from Italy. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain, Spain. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arros negre, which is from the Valencian Community. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and is served with sambal. 
The bacon explosion is a food found in the United States. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader. 
Bacon is an ingredient in the main course of the main course. 
The bacon sandwich is a traditional name of the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a country in France, United States or China. 
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is the language. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert which is a variation of cookie. 
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is a dish variation of the dish, which contains shortcrust pastry. 
The ingredient of Bandeja paisa is lemon, a genus of Citrus. 
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and it contains shrimp. 
Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines where Batchoy comes from. 
Bbeef kway teow is from Singapore where Standard Chinese is the language. 
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan. The dish beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore. 
Bhajji is from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader. 
The dish of Bhajji is a similar dish of Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. 
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and banana is an ingredient. 
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and the main ingredient is sago. 
The ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes, which is a flowering plant. 
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato, which is a dish from the order of Solanales. 
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert served as a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert which is a dish variation of dessert. 
Batagor is a dish variation of Siomay which has peanut sauce as an ingredient. 
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4th 2005 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres. 
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and is a Cracy ship. 
The AIDAluna is operated by the AIDAluna which is located in Rostock. 
The AIDAstella, which was christened on March 16th 2013, is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montereal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. 
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by Alliant Techsystems, which has the AGM-88 HARM. 
Richard A. Teague, who was a crew member of the AMC Matador, was a designer of AMC Matador. 
Richard A. Teague, who was a crew member of the General Motors, was the designer of the AMC Matador. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and is located in Argentina. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone. 
The Acura TLX is a Honda J engine and is manufactured by Honda. 
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX which has a Inline-four engine. 
Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland where Sauli Niinistö is the leader. 
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a beam of 21.2. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is related to the Fiat Croma. 
Alhambra has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type. 
The Alhambra was launched on the 31st of May,1855 and has a 8.3m beam of beam. 
The Alvis Speed 25 has a cubic centimetre engine and a length of 4387.0 cubic cubic centimetre. It has a length of 4377.0 cubic metres and a transmission of a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. 
The American Motors manufactures the AMC Matador. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. 
TheAriane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, which is owned by Airbus Group. 
The Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
The Audi A1 is manufactured by the Audi A1 which is owned by Ducati. 
The Audi A1 is related to the SEAT Ibiza. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which has the AIDAluna power type. 
The Ataturk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The native name of the Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Aniti and is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. 
The Dead Man's Plack is made of rock and was dedicated to the Ealdorman of East Anglia. 
The Purple Heart was the award of Aaron S Daggett, who fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. 
Purple Heart was the award of Aaron S Daggett, who fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria. 
Aben Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and was born in Ponteareas. 
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II. 
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Revolutionary War. 
The American born Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and was succeeded by Ruth Ribicoff. 
The birth place of Casey Ribicoff is Chicago. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland and was a member of the Cross of Valour. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol and was in World War I. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was a member of the Vituti Militari. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded byKonstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Airey Neave, who started his career on 30th June 1953, started his career on 30th March 1979. 
Airey Neave, who started his career on June 30th, 1953, fought in World War II. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was a commander. 
Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New Mexico Territory. 
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Diego Santilli. 
Born in Tyrol, Austria, Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol state. 
Born in Austria, Alfons Gorbach was in office while Adolf Schärf was President. 
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as theMayor of Stamford, Connecticut. 
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War. 
Ben Ramsey was the successor of Allan Shivers who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur. 
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B which has Carpi F.C. 1909 as champions. 
A.C. Chievo Verona is in Serie A and play in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. 
A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan is managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for C.D. FAS. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and is in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Sparta Rotterdam. 
The A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and is located in The Fylde. 
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and is located in Bryning Lane. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team. 
A.S. Roma play in Serie A in Rome, Italy. 
ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league, which is in Italy. 
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax which is managed by Frank de Boer who plays for the Ajax Youth Academy. 
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax N.V. and has 5352 members. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Topklasse season. 
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan and is located at the AZAL Arena. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil. 
The full name of the Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. It has 17000 members and has 17000 members. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. 
Massimo Drago is a manager of A.C. Cesena and he plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. 
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The official school colour of the Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education. The school was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is a sports offered by tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. 
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint was the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was completed by Grantville Gazette III. 
Eric Flint was the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was published in E-book. 
Eric Flint was the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in hardcover. 
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and the coden code isATISET. 
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader. 
The book A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6. 
A Glastonbury Romance is published in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0. 
The book A Glastonbury Romance is made in print and has 1174 pages. 
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number of57392246 and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by the US Press, which is located in the United States. 
The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is318875413 and the author is Diane Duane. 
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-1-15-204770-2. 
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-1-15-204770-2. 
The country of Australians is the country of Above the Veil, which was completed by Aenir. 
The English language is spoken in the book Aenir. 
The novel above the Veil was written in Castle. 
The book Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science Business Media, which was founded by Julia Springer. 
The code of the Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG and the abbreviation code is Admin. Sci. Q. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornelell University, which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. 
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-925500-9. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-925500-9. 
The academic discipline of HIV is HIV, which is a member of the academic discipline of HIV. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States. 
The Airondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and the Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 1219.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0. The runway name is 14L/32R and the runway name is 14L/32R. 
The Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG. 
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Iraq. The runway length is 3078.48. 
The United States Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War. The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War. 
The United States Air Force was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom and the Operation Enduring Freedom. The United States Air Force was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom and during the Korean War. The United States Air Force was involved in the Battle of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 733.0 and it serves the city of Alderney. It has a surface type of Poaceae and a length of 733.0. 
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0. It is 210 metres above sea level. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0. It is -3.3528 above sea level. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas. 
The runway length of the Angola International Airport is 4000.0. 
The South Runway is the name of the airport of the Angola International Airport which is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. 
The Flemish Government is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level. It is operated by the Flemish Region. 
The Flemish Region of Mobility and Public Works is the owner of the city of Antwerp International Airport which is operated by the Flemish Region. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Kimberly, Wisconsin. Little Chute is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. Cayton, Winnebago County is part of Greenville, Wisconsin. 
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is a division of flowering plants. 
The location of Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0. It is 211 metres above sea level. 
The city of Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece, where the leader is Alexis Tsipras. 
The runway name of the Atlantic City International Airport is 4/22 and is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. 
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where the city serves the city of Antwerp. 
The surface type of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is Poaceae, which is a class of Monocotyledon and is made of Commelinids. 
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and Kids Imagine Nation. He is associated with the band Suburban Legends. 
American Aaron Deer is a singer from Indiana and is a singer from Indiana. 
Black metal musician, Aaron Turner, is associated with the band Greymachine and Greymachine. 
Drone musician, Aaron Turner, is associated with the band Greymachine and the band Greymachine. 
Black metal musician, Aaron Turner, is associated with the band Sumac and Sumac. 
The musical genre of Black metal is Death metal, a fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner performs electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a fusion of black metal. 
Abradab is a hip hop music genre which has the sub genre Gangsta rap and the derivative of drum and bass. 
The solo singer, Ace Wilder, was born in Sweden and signed to the record label Warner Music Group. 
Agustín Barboza is a solo singer whose genre is Guaraania music. He is signed to Philips Records. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion on May 5th 1913 in Asuncion. 
The genus of Ahmet Ertegun is blues and is from Washington DC. 
Al Anderson, who started his career in 1966, is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds. 
Alan Frew is a rock musician whose genre is rock music. Rock music has its origins in Country music and folk music. 
Born in Errata, Mississippi, a solo singer, a jazz musician, is a solo singer. 
Alennie Jones performs jazz music which has its origins in Blues and its fusion genre is Afrobeat. 
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist BABI Dol and Kornnelleije Kovač. 
Acharya Kovac is associated with the band K2 and BABI Dol. He is associated with the band K2 and the Kovač sisters duo. 
Acharya Kovac is associated with the musical artist BABI Dol and Kornnelleije Kovac. 
Born in Manchester, England, Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Born in Manchester, Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London, where Boris Johnson is the leader. 
Solo singer, Alfredo Zitarrosa, is signed to the record label RCA Records and is a solo singer. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose musical genre is jazz. Funk is a derivative of jazz. 
Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, KY, is a solo singer. He was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. 
The musical artist of the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars, and Billy Iuso, is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
The rock musician, Anders Osborne, is signed to the record label Alligator Records and Alligator Records. 
The rhythm and blues singer, whose genre is rhythm and blues, is associated with the band CRBL. 
The singer, whose genre is rhythm and blues, is a solo singer. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. He is associated with the musical artist Jaydan Moyine. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist, Jaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren. 
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commander by David Scott. 
Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in California. He was a member of the senators of California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senator. 
Buzz Aldrin, whose alternative name is Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin spent 52.0 minutes in space. He was a member of Apollo 11 and spent 52.0 minutes in space. 
Alan Shepard died in California and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy. 
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis on February 28th 1966. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. 
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong. He was a member of Apollo 8 and was a member of Apollo 8. 
Born inRegina, Saskatchewan,Aaron Boogaard, has a height of 1.905. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and SV Werder Bremen II. He also plays for the Goslarer SC 08 club. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen and SV Werder Bremen. He plays for the Goslarer SC 08 club. 
Aben Hernández, who plays for the Central Español club, plays for the club U.S. Citta di Palermo and the Peñarol club. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team and is a member of the Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. whose manager is Adnan Hamad. 
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly a member of the Tennessee Titans, was drafted in the draft round of 3 and was signed to the draft pick 39. 
Akeem Ayers, who played for the St Louis Rams, was drafted in the draft round of 3 and was signed to the draft pick 39. 
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly a member of the Tennessee Titans, was a member of the St Louis Rams who are located in St Louis. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He was a debutant for the Atlanta Falcons. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician and Elizabeth II is the leader. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and Al-Khor Sports Club which is located in Al Khor. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor and is a member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club. 
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-1989. He plays for the Crewe Alexandra F.C. and the Aldershot Town FC. 
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-1989. He plays for the club Crewe Alexandra F.C. and played for the clubHamilton Academical F.C. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers club. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers club. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24th 1989 and plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. He plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24th 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. He plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Kuban Krasnodar. 
AZAL PFK is the grounds of the Olympique Lyonnais club, which is located at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais ground. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 and played for Anyang Halla. 
Alex Tyus plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League and is a member of the Turkish Basketball Super League. He plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach isZvi Sherf. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valerery Petrakov. He played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. 
Abner is a footballer who plays for Coritiba Football Club and is a member of the Real Madrid Castilla which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis. 
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. ground in Palo Seco. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader. The capital of South Africa is Cape Town. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is the leader and coloured people are one of the ethnic groups. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader. White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, New York. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago. 
The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and was designed by HOK SVE. 
The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and was designed by the company Populous. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. 
The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN and is located in Denmark. 
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and was designed by James Pain. 
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall, which has a floor area of 14000.0 square metres and is 42 m tall. 
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is architectural style of Tudor Revival. 
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th of September 2013 and has 3 floors. It has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. 
Alan B Miller Hall was built on March 30th, 2007 and was owned by the College of William and Mary. 
The College of William and Mary, whose Chancellor is Robert Gates, is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall. 
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are Mason School of Business in the United States. 
Alan B. Miller Hall was built on March 30th, 2007 and was owned by the College of William and Mary. It was completed on March 30th, 2007. 
The Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka. It has 476 beds. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has the reference number 87000823. 
Asser Levy Public Baths, located at Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and has the reference number 80002709. 
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. The city is part of Manhattan and is part of Manhattan. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is a dish from India where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. 
The discoverer of the book,410777) 2009 FD, has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of 500 kelvins and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has a minimum temperature of 500 kelvins and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. 
The average speed of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 37.16 km per sec and has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km. 
The epoch date for 1001 Gaussia is 2015-06-27 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres. It has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. 
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Walter Baade, who was born in Germany, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from the University of Gottingen. 
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0982 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. 
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kg and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has an escape velocity of 0.0982 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. 
E Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an apoapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. 
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 2791422000000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. 
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. It has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. 
The escape velocity of1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per sec and it has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. It has a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. 
The surface area of 10 Hygiea is 837080.744 square km and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 km. It has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. 
The epoch date for1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres. 
The epoch date of 110 Lydia is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 142603000.0. It has a periapsis of 3770160000000.0 and an orbital period of 142603000.0. 
Abilene, Texas has an elevation of 524.0 above sea level and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. 
Abilene is part of Texas, which is part of the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Albanny is part of LINN County, Oregon, United States. 
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp and the New Mexico House of Representatives. 
The Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J Berry and the city Council is led by Richard J Berry. 
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, United States. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. The country is where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas, United States. The country is where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. Greater Los Angeles area is located in Orange County, California. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, which is led by the United States House of Representatives. 
The United States is the location of the country of Angola, which is part of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The total area of Atlanta is 349.1 square kilometres and has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 404, 678, 470 and the total area is 349.1 square kilometres. 
Atlanta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. 
Auburn is part of Washington state, United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia. 
Austin, Texas is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States is the country of Indiana where they are located. 
The largest city in Madison County is Anderson. 
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. 
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. 
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and the language spoken is English. 
Albanny, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The country of Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The English language is spoken in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress and is located in Anaheim, California. 
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel. 
The BBC, which is located in London, has the key person Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead and broadcast bananaman. 
Bill Oddie starred Bananaman, first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV. 
The film Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. 
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski and was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman. 
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle. 
The comic character, Bolt, was created by Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin. 
The comic character Bolt, which has the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin. 
The company AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry in the United States. It has an operating income of $380,600,000. 
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands in the Philippines. 
The media company,GMA New Media, is a media company which produces World Wide Web. 
The mass media company ofGMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person for the company GMA Network, which is a public company. 
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-1901. It has an income of 108,600,000 and a company which is a S.A. corporation. 
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000 and a net income of $100,000,000. 
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-1901. It is located in Sao Paulo and is affiliated with Mantecorp. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, which has an area of 58.38. 
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Europe. 
Trane has 29,000 employees and a net income of $556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a traditional dish from Spain and is a traditional name of Ajo blanco. It is a traditional dish from Spain. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. It is a food found in Spain. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Jusuf Kalla is the leader. 
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. 
Arrosabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella. Italian is the language spoken in Italy. 
Chili pepper is an ingredient in the sauce of Arrosata sauce, which is from Rome, Italy. 
Arros which comes from Rome, Italy is a dish from Rome. It is a traditional dish from Rome. 
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia, Spain. It is a dish from Catalonia. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arros negre, which is from the Valencian Community in Spain. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. It is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and is a dish from Malaysia. It is a dish from Java and served with sambal. 
Bacon Explosion is a food found in the United States and it contains sausage. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital. The country is home to the Native Americans and the capital is Washington DC. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and Washington D.C. is the capital. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The bacon sandwich, which is a dish variation of the BLT, is a dish from the United Kingdom. 
The dish Baked Alaska is from New York and is a food found in France. It is a food found in New York. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in New York, United States. It is a food found in New York. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. It is a dessert which is a variation of cookie. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Sandesh is a dessert. 
The dish Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region. It contains Kidney bean as an ingredient. 
Barny cakes are from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone is the leader. 
Barny cakes are a dish variation of Apple and Apple. The ingredients are 18.0g and 1.8g of protein. 
Bacon kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Halmah Yacob. The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar. 
The dish beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish from Indonesia. 
The dish beef kway teow is from Indonesia, where the leader is Tony Tan. 
Gram flour, vegetables and vegetables are main ingredients of bhajji, which is a dish from India. 
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T S Thakur and the Indian people are one of the ethnic groups. 
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi is the leader. 
Gram flour, vegetables and vegetables are main ingredients of bhajji, which is a dish from the region of Karnataka. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and is a dish from the Philippines. It is also a dish from the Philippines. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, Mexico. It includes sausage as an ingredient. 
Bionico is a food found in the Jalesco region of Mexico. It is a food found in Mexico. Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico. 
Bakso is an ingredient of Bakso, which is from the family of Apiaceae. 
The dessert is served as a dessert, a dish which contains granola as an ingredient. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and is a dish from Singapore. Baduy is one of the ethnic groups in Java. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, also found in Malaysia and Singapore. The country's ethnic group is Banyumasan and the country is also found in Malaysia and Singapore. 
Arros negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. The language spoken in Spain is Spanish. 
The 1955 Dodge, which has a V8 engine, is a hardtop and has a hardtop style. 
The 1955 Dodge, which is known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission. 
The A-Rosa Luna was ordered on 22nd January 2004 and is 125800.0 millimetres long. It was ordered on 22nd January 2004. 
Costa Crociere is the owner of theAIDAstella which is located in Germany. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. 
The country ofALV X-1 originated from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The AMC Matador, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, was built in 1974 and is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
The AMC Matador, which was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, was built in 1971 and is related to the AMC Ambassador. 
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin, Italy and was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. 
The icebreaker Aklesey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The creator of the icebreaker is Finns. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, where Rome is the capital. The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese and is related to the Lancia Thema. 
The Alhambra, which is a Wrecked, has a beam of 8.3m and a beam of 8.3m. 
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. Rover Company was succeeded by Rover Company. 
The American Motors, whose successor is Eagle, was succeeded by Eagle. The AMC Matador is a Dodge car. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and was launched on the 21st of April 2013. 
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina where the leader is Mauricio Macri. The capital of Argentina isBuenos Aires. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS. 
The Aston Martin V8, which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1, was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage. 
The Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is the President. The country is where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Audi A1 is assembled in the Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. 
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and is related to the Volkswagen Polo and the Volkswagen Polo. 
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which is located in the United States. 
The launch site of theAriane 5 was the launch site of the ELA-3 which was launched from the ELA-3 which is located at the headquarters of Kouurou, French Guiana. 
TheAriane 5 was launched from the ELA-3 which is located in French Guiana. 
The country of the USA is the origin of the ALV X-1 country. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which is to the southwest of Franklinlin County, Maryland. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the leader is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The native name of the memorial is Türk Sehitleri Aniti. 
The birth place of Aaron S Daggett was Maine and he fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was a fighter in the Battle of Fredericksburg. 
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and he was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Sarawak. He was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was Vice President and Oladipo Diya was predecessor. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. 
Aben Caballero was born in Galeicia in Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport. 
Aben Caballero was born in Galeicia in Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch. Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain. 
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. 
The United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office was the office of Abraham A. Ribicoff who was born in Chicago. He worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from the Conservative Party in the UK. He was a member of the Conservative Party in UK. 
Adam Koc was a member of the Order of Polonia Restituta and was a member of the Cross of Valour in Poland. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was a commander. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health. 
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked for the Socialist Party in Netherlands. He worked at Radboud University Nijmegen. 
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. He worked at the Radboud University Nijmegen. 
Agnes Kant was born in the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. 
Airey Neave, who was a member of the Order of the British Empire, ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, started his career on March 4th 1974 and ended his career on March 30th 1979. 
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, ended his career on March 30th 1979. He was a crew member of the military Cross. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in New Mexico Territory. 
Born in Imst, Alfons Gorbach, was born in Imst, in Imst, in Imst. 
Born in Imst, Tyrol, Alfons Gorbach, died in Graz. 
The Democratic Party of the United States was the successor of Allan Shivers who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur. Price Daniel was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and was a member of the United States Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict which was a commander in the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War. 
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and he died in Austria. 
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and he died in Imst. 
The Battle of Cold Harbor was part of the American Civil War conflict which was a commander in Robert E Lee. 
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language is Polish and the Kashubians are an ethnic group. 
A.C. Cesena play in Cesena, which has 23900 members. 
Massimo Drago is a member of the club Calcio Catania and he plays for the S.S.D. Potenza Calcio club. 
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the LEGA Pro/A season. 
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan and has 10000 members. It is located at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and has the ground of Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and also for Runcorn F.C. Halton. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County FC and Stockport County FC. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and is a member of the club Irlam Town FC. 
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and is located in Warton, Fylde. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Real Madrid C.F.C. and also for Real Madrid C.F.C. 
A.S. Roma has a full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and has 70634 members. 
The ground of the AEK Athens F.C. is in Athens and has 69618 members. The club play in the Superleague Greece. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Hoofdklasse season. 
AZAL PFK is in the Azerbaijan Premier League which has the champions Qarabağ FK. 
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and has 17063 members. 
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar and he plays for De Graafschap. He also plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays in the Premier Development League which has the champions K-W United FC. 
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and plays in the Premier Development League which has K-W United FC as its champions. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Italians are an ethnic group. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis. The ground of the Olympic Stadium is the Olympic Stadium. 
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it has 600 students. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It is located in the motto of Nurturing Excellence. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and is located in India. The president of the country is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis as a sport governed body. The sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in India where the largest city is Mumbai. The river is Ganges. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the Prime Minister. 
The latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis and the latin name is Universitas Apulensis. The patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students and 16,000 students. 
The ISBN number of the book,1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is 978-1-4165-4253-7. 
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and died in 1634: The Baltic War. 
The book, 1634: The Ram Rebellion, was written by Eric Flint, has 512 pages and was published in E-book. 
Eric Flint was the author of the book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, which is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. 
The book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. It has 512 pages and was published in E-book. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1046-8188. It has the ISSN number 1046-8188. 
The academic discipline of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1558-2868. It has the ISSN number 1558-2868. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins and is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins. The country is led by Elizabeth II. 
A T Charlie Johnson, who resides in the United States, was the editor of the American Institute of Physics. 
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of the bookAIP Advances, which has the coden code AAIDBI. 
A Glastonbury Romance is published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. 
The Secret Scripture is the following language of A Long Long Way, which is written in Great Britain. It is followed by The Secret Scripture. 
The publisher of A Loyal Character Dancer is Soho Press. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, whereBarack Obama is the leader. 
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number of 8805735. 
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number of318875413 and the OCLC number of 288875. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The book Above the Veil was written in the book Castle and was completed by Castle. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which has the ISSN number of 1588-2632, has the ISSN number of 1588-2632 and the ISSN number of 1588-2632. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which has the ISSN number 0236-5294, is academic discipline of Math. It has the ISSN number 0236-5294. 
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, which has the ISSN number of 1732-2421, has the ISSN number 1732-2421. It has the ISSN number 60040714 and the LCCN number is 60040714. 
The Addiction Journal, which has the ISSN number 0965-2140, is academic discipline of Addiction. 
Aenir is published in print and has the OCLC number 45644811 and the OCLC number 45644811. 
Aenir is published in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377. 
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the ISSN number 1080-6377. 
The publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly is SAGE Publications, which was founded by Sara Miller McCune. Admin. Sci. Q. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is the leader. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas, United States. It has a runway length of 1121.0. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain, in Spain. The airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway length of 3500.0. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Awadh and Awadh. It is 167.94 metres above sea level. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Awadh and Bandelnkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. 
The United States Air Force was involved in the Battle of Libya in 1986 and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft fighters. The United States Air Force was involved in the Battle of Libya in 1986. 
The United States Air Force, which deploy Al Asad Airbase, has a Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and a General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The United States Air Force was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force, which deploy Al Asad Airbase, has a Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and a McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The United States Air Force was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom. 
The United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, has a Lockheed AC-130 as a fighter aircraft. The United States Air Force deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport, which is located in Pakistan, which is led by theProvincial Assembly of the Punjab. 
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0. It is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway name of 08/26 Kaagbaan. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Texans are known as Texans. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Texans are known as Texans. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas. 
The location of the Angola International Airport is in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, in the country ofAngola. The airport is 159 metres above sea level. 
The Flemish Region is the operating organisation for the Antwerp International Airport, which is located at 12 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish Region. It is located at 12 metres above sea level. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Ellington, Wisconsin, which is part of Ellington and Little Chute. 
The Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518 and is 518.0 metres long. It is located at 34.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 518. 
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 03L/21R and it is located at 34.0 above sea level. It has a length of 1411.0 and a surface type of Poaceae. 
The Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for the Atlantic City International Airport which is 23.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3048.0. The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. The airport is operated by ENAIRE. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0. 
The surface type of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is Poaceae, which is a division of flowering plants and is made of Commelinids. 
Aaron Bertram is a Ska punk musician who is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and Kids Imagine Nation. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation. 
Aaron Deer is a solo singer who is from Indiana, Indiana. He is a solo singer. 
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is associated with the band Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters band. He started performing electroacoustic music. 
Aaron Turner, who started his career in 1995, is associated with the band Twilight and the band Lotus Eaters. He is a post metal musician. 
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is associated with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom. He is a post metal musician. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is associated with the band Twilight and performs electric guitar. Death metal is a fusion of black metal. 
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is Black metal, which is a fusion of Death metal. He is associated with Mamiffer and Mamiffer. 
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and performs Guaraania music. He is a solo singer. 
Al Anderson, who was born in Windsor, Connecticut, started his career in 1966. He is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds. 
Alan Frew is a rock musician whose origins are blues and blues music. The fusion genre of rock music is Bhangra music. 
Born in 1914, in the United States, he is a solo singer. He is a solo singer. 
The solo singer, Albennie Jones, is a solo singer. The genre of rhythm and blues is disco. 
Aleksandra Kovac was born inBelgrade in 1972. He is a solo singer and is a pop musician. 
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. He is a solo singer and is a solo singer. 
Acharya, who was born inBelgrade, was born in 1972. He is a solo singer. 
Alex Day, who started performing in 2006, is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit. 
Alex Day is a solo singer whose genre is Syntthpop, which has its origins in pop music. The genre is a derivative of house music. 
Alison O'Donnell, who started performing in 1963, is associated with the band Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. He is associated with the band Mellow Candle. 
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who is signed to Fruits de Mer Records and is signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records. 
The rock musician, Anders Osborne, is associated with the band Galactic and Tab Benoit. He is associated with the band Galactic. 
The rock musician, Anders Osborne, is associated with the band Tab Benoit and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
Andrew Rayel is a singer of the musical genre of Trance music, which has its origins in pop music. He is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. 
Andrew Rayel, who started his career in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. He is associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. 
Andrew Rayel is a performer of the TRANCE music genre and is associated with the musical artist John Digweed and John Digweed. 
Andrew White, who started his career in 2003, is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs. He is signed to Polydor Records. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Gran Asunción, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artist, Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. 
The Labour Party is the leader of Manchester, which is part of Greater Manchester. 
The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and the country is where the people live. Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where the people are called Uruguayans. 
Alan Bean was a US national who was a member of the Apollo 12 crew, which was operated by NASA. David Scott was a commander. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1 August 1974. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and he was a test pilot. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was a crew member of the Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. 
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was a crew member of NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. He was born in Glen Ridge, part of Esex County, New Jersey. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927 and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis. 
Elliot See, who was a test pilot, attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on February 28th 1966. 
Elliot See, who studied at the University of Texas at Austin, is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 and was a crew member of the Apollo 8 crew, which was a backup pilot by Buzz Aldrin. He was a commander in the Apollo 8 which was a backup pilot. 
Aben Hernández plays for the Central Español club and is a member of the club Peñarol. He is a member of the Central Español club. Steve Bruce is the manager of the club. 
Aben Hernández plays for the Peñarol club and is a member of the club, which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini. He plays for the Serie A league. 
Adam McQuaid, who drafted the Boston Bruins, was drafted by the Boston Bruins who are based in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is the manager of the Boston Bruins. 
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and played for the New England Patriots. He was formerly a member of the New England Patriots. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on September 27th 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and was formerly a member of the Houston Texans. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor and is managed by Amar Osim. He is a member of the club Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is managed by Amar Osim. 
Alan Martin plays for the Clyde F.C. club, which is managed by Barry Ferguson. He plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. which is located in Accrington. 
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-1989. He plays for the club Crewe Alexandra F.C. and is 185.42 cm tall. He plays for the club Crewe Alexandra F.C. 
Alan Martin plays for Clyde F.C. whose ground is Fir Park and is managed by Barry Ferguson. He plays for Clyde F.C. whose manager is Barry Ferguson. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki and has played for FC Dinamo Batumi, which has the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and the club of Olympique Lyonnais whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas. He plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and the ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais ground. 
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 9, 1989. He plays for Anyang Halla and was born in Brandon, Manitoba on May 9, 1989. 
The birth place of Alex Plante was Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and Black Canadians are an ethnic group. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the language is Slavey. The country's leader is Elizabeth II. 
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Barrow A.F.C. and is a member of the Boroughwood Stadium. He is managed by Barry Ferguson. 
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and has played for FC Samtredia, which is located at Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valerery Petrakov and played in the Russian Premier League. The club is based in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. 
Akeem Dent, who was a member of the Houston Texans, was a member of the Houston Texans who are owned by Bob McNair. He also played for the Houston Texans. 
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is in the Bundesliga League. He is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk. 
The location of 11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader and Cape Town is the capital. The Asian South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. 
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of Cleveland is the Cleveland City Council. 
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue was started in January 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin, which is led by Críona Ní Dhálaigh. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and is owned by Bella Center. The hotel has 23 floors and is owned by Marriott International. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center and tenants of Marriott International. The architect is 3XN. 
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and was completed in 1931. It was completed in 1931 and has Tudor and Jacabian as architectural style. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil. 
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and was completed in 1931. It was completed in 1931 and has Tudor Revival architecture as its architectural style. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan, where the Filipinos are an ethnic group. 
The Mason School of Business, which is located in Virginia, is located in Virginia. Robert A M Stern was the architect of the Alan B Miller Hall. 
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business in the United States. It was completed on June 1st, 2009. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India, where Narendra Modi is the leader and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India and is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where T S Thakur is the leader. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader. The Sri Lankan rupee is the currency of Sri Lanka. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar State Beach. The significant buildings of the Asilomar State Beach are Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Asilomar State Beach. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. The significant building of the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner are the Riverside Art Museum. 
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. New York City is part of Manhattan and New Netherland is part of New Netherland. 
The architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, is the architect of 103 Colmore Row. The postcode area is B postcode area and the leader is John Clancy. 
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa Stadium is located. The city is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the President and Washington D.C. is the capital. 
The epoch date for (1911255) 1994 VK8 is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0. 
The epoch date for (1911255) 1994 VK8 is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 878788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000000.0 and its escape velocity is 0.025 km per sec. 
The epoch date for (66063) 1998 RO1 is on 2013-11-04 and has an orbital period of 36029 days. It has an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. 
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 36029 days and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 36029 days and an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 1001 Gaussia was Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and an orbital period of 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
The discoverer of 101 Helena was James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin on 31 December 2006. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. 
Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from the University of Gottingen and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at Halton Arp. 
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 103 Hera, which has an epoch date of 27th August 2011. 
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, discovered 103 Hera. He died from perionitis. 
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on 1 March 2001 and died in Chennai. 
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of9.8 kgs. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and a periapsis of 2791422000000.0. 
The epoch date of1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of 2.7 kg and an orbital period of 179942000.0. It has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and a periapsis of 349206000000.0. 
Abilene is part of Texas, United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. English is spoken in the United States. 
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Oregon, in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the country is Salem. 
The area code of Albuquerque is 505, 575 and it has a total area of 488.2 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The state Assembly is led by the California State Assembly. 
The total area ofAngola is 16.55 square kilometres and is in Steuben County, Indiana, United States. 
The United States is home to the Americans and is part of Steuben County, Indiana. The country is home to the Americans and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Antioch, California has a total area of 75324 square kilometres and a total area of 75324 square kilometres. It has a offset of -7 and a total area of 75324 square kilometres. 
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4.14 square kilometres. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres and is 77.41 square kilometres. 
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
The area code of Austin is 512 and it has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square kilometres. 
Antioch is part of the San Francisco Bay area in California, where the language is Spanish. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the capital is Indianapolis. The country is the location of the city of Indiana. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the capital is Indianapolis. The country is the location of the city of Indiana. 
Albanny is part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. The country is home to Native Americans and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. The country is home to Native Americans and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The English language is spoken in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress and is located in Anaheim, California. The country is led by Anaheim, California. 
The broadcaster of bananaman was Steve Bright and was first aired on 3 October 1983. It was broadcast by STV and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. 
The comic character, Bolt, was created by Dan Mishkin and Puerto Rican. He was a Puerto Rican national and has the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky. 
The American Duncan Rouleau was a American who created the film Big Hero 6, which stars Damon Wayans Jr. 
The American Duncan Rouleau was a American who created the film Big Hero 6, which stars Jamie Chung. 
The American Duncan Rouleau was a American who created the film Big Hero 6, which stars Maya Rudolph. 
The United States is the location of AmeriGas which is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, which has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. 
The United States was founded on July 4th,1776 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country is founded on July 4th,1776. 
Chinabank was founded on 1920-08-16 and has a net income of 15100000000. It has 295 employees and a net income of 15100000000. 
The company, GMA New Media, is located in Quezon City and makes web services. The company is affiliated with Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in the company ofGMA New Media, which is located in the Philippines. The company is located in the GMA Network Center and offers mobile applications. 
Hypermarcas, a Pharmaceutical company, was founded on 01-01-1901. It is a company which is a corporation. The company is a corporation which is a type of healthcare company. 
Hypermarcas is a food found in Sao Paulo, Brazil, where the leader is the President of the Supreme Federal Court. 
Hypermarcas, which is a company which produces healthcare, is located in Sao Paulo. It has a revenue of 1800000000. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. It contains bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. 
Ajoblanco is a traditional dish from Andalusia, Spain. It is a traditional dish from Andalusia. It is a traditional dish from Andalusia. 
The Javanese cuisine is a dish of Arem-arem, which is a dish from Javanese cuisine. It includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. 
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia and is a main course. It is a main course in Indonesia and more specific to Java. 
The main ingredients of the sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. 
Arros negre is from Catalonia, Spain. It has white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and a main ingredient of Cephalopod ink. 
Arros negre is from Catalonia, Spain. It has white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and a main ingredient of Cubanelle peppers. 
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain. It has white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. It is also known as Asam padeh. It is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malay and Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in Sumatra. 
Bacon Explosion is a food found in the United States and is a main ingredient of sausage. It is a food found in the Kansas City metropolitan area. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is the leader and Washington DC is the capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The bacon sandwich, which is a variation of the BLT, is a variation of the bacon sandwich, which is a variation of the BLT, is a variation of the BLT. The bacon sandwich is a variation of the bacon sandwich. 
The bacon sandwich, which is a variation of the BLT, is a variation of the BLT, and is a variation of the BLT. It is a variation of the bacon sandwich, which is a variation of the BLT. 
The bacon sandwich, which is a popular in the United Kingdom, is a traditional sandwich which has ketchup or brown sauce as an ingredient and is a popular dish from the UK. The main ingredients are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is a food found in France, United States or China. 
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. It is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong. 
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a dish from the region of Derbyshire. Frangipane is an ingredient in the dish. 
Bakewell pudding is a dessert which is a dessert which is a variation of Bakewell tart. It is a dessert which has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients. 
The dish Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a dish variation of the dish, which includes shortcrust pastry. 
The main ingredients of the dish, which is red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of the dish, bandja paisa. It is a Colombian cuisine. 
The dish Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish from Siomay. It is a dish variation of Siomay and contains fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. 
The dish Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and is a dish from Indonesia. Siomay is an ingredient of shiitake. 
The main ingredients of the dish, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, are palm sugar. It is a dish from Indonesia and Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of the dish, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, are beef kway teow. It is a dish nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. 
The main ingredients of the dish, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil, are beef kway teow. It is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. 
Bhajji is a dish from India and is a popular dish from India. It includes gram flour and vegetables. 
Bhajji is from the country of India, where Narendra Modi is the leader and Vajjibhai Vala is a leader. 
Bhajji is a dish from the country of India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and Vajji Vala is the leader. 
Bhajji is a dish from the country of India, where Narendra Modi is the leader and Narendra Modi is the leader. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is coconut milk and is from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is a dish from the Visayas region. 
Bionico is a food found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It includes chopped fruits, sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and raisins. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. Sandesh is a dessert. 
Bakso is a Chinese dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The country is led by Jusuf Kalla and the language is Indonesian. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Laura Boldrini is the leader and the capital is Rome. Italian is the language spoken in Italy. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from the country of Java, where the language is English and the ethnic group is Banyumasan people. 
The dish Ayam penyet is a dish from the country of Java where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the banyumasan people are an ethnic group. 
The Philippines is the country of Batchoy, which is a country where the Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group. The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish. 
The country of Spain is the country of Spain where the Euro is the currency and the leader is Felipe VI. The country is home to the Spaniards and the Spaniards are an ethnic group. 
The 1955 Dodge is a V8 engine and has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches. It is manufactured by Dodge and has a 3 speed automatic transmission. 
The DeSoto Custom, manufactured by DeSoto, is related to the 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Firedome. The 1955 Dodge is related to the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Firedome. 
TheAIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a beam of 32.2 and a length of 25252000.0 millimetres. It was made on March 22nd 2009. 
The AIDAstella was built by the Costa Crociere and was built by Meyer Werft. It has a 32.2 beam of 32.2 and is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres long and is operated by Costa Crociere. It is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
TheAIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres long and is a service company based by theAIDA Cruises. It is 253260.0 millimetres long. 
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which was built on May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. 
The American Motors Matador is a station wagon which is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a AMC V8 engine and a station wagon. 
The American Motors Matador is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It is a mid-size car and has a straight-6 engine. 
The AMC Matador, which is a full-size car, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a straight-6 engine. 
The AMC Matador, which is a station wagon, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a VAM Classic style. It has a AMC V8 engine. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was manufactured in 1958 and has a straight four engine. It has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and a straight four engine. 
The Acura TLX is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant and has a front-engine design and a Honda K engine. 
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Finland and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a beam of 21.2 and a beam of 21.2. 
The Aleksey Chirikov, built in Finland, has a ship beam of 21.2 and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. 
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Helsinki, Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and a ship beam of 21.2. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. The leader of Finland is Sauli Niinistö and the leader is Juha Sipilä. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight four engine and the Saab 9000 engine. 
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a straight four engine and is related to the Lancia Thema. 
American Motors, whose successor was Eagle, was succeeded by Eagle. The Chrysler was the commander of the American Motors, whose key person is Roy D Chapin Jr. 
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has a beam of 3.8 m and a top speed of 8.334. It has a top speed of 8.334 and a beam of 3.8 m. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and was final flight on the 28th of October 2014. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. 
The Audi A1 is assembled in the Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It has a 5 speed manual transmission. 
The Audi A1 is a tuner of Audi which was founded by August Horch and is a division of the Audi e-tron. The Audi A1 is a subsidiary of Ducati. 
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. and is located in Rostock. It was founded in California and is owned by AIDA Cruises. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The company is located in Illinois and has a AIDAluna. 
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket is similar to the Delta II. 
The American submarine NR-1 was built by the General Dynamics Electric Boat, located in Groton, Connecticut. It has a beam of 3.8m and a beam of 3.8m. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Rostock isAndreas Voßkuhle. 
The country ofALV X-1 originates from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group and Washington D.C. is the capital. The Star Spangled Banner is the anthem of the United States. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality ofGettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which is to the southeast of Cumberland County, Maryland. Cumberland County is to the southeast of Adams County, Maryland. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which is categorized as a contributing property. It is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County. 
The Baku metropolitan capital is Baku and the memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the National Assembly is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. It is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister and the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the American Civil War and died in West Roxbury. He was a fighter pilot in the American Civil War. 
The birth place of Aaron S Daggett was Maine and he fought in the Battle of the Wilderness. He was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He worked as a member of the House of Representatives and was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Kuching. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. 
Adenan Satem was born in Japan and resides in Kuching. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and resides in Sarawak. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. 
Aben Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister. He was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister. Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain. 
Aben Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies. 
Aben Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and worked as the Minister of Transport. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. 
Abner W. Sibal was born inRidgewood, Queens and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and worked at the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare Office and was succeeded by John N Dempsey. He died in New York City. 
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell was a commander. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards. 
Adam Koc was born in Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War where the Kashubian language is spoken. Joseph Stalin was a commander in Poland. 
Born in Poland, Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War where the commander was Joseph Stalin. 
Born in Poland, Adam Koc was a national of Poland. The language spoken in Poland is Polish and the commander was Leon Trotsky. 
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish–Soviet War. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked at the Minister of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis. 
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded byKonstantinos Mitsotakis. He was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and started his career on March 4th 1974. He started his career on March 3rd, 1974 and ended his career on March 30th, 1979. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and started his career on 30th June 1953. He started his career on 30th March 1953 and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia on 3rd July 1941. 
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico. 
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20,1891. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Born in Imst, Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary. He died in Styria. 
Born in the state of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hungary. He died in Graz, Styria. 
Connecticut born Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. 
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Price Daniel. 
Alvah Sabin is from Vermont, the largest city of Burlington, Vermont. Daniel Webster is the leader of the United States. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and served as a member of the 3rd Congressional District in Vermont. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. 
The American born Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and was succeeded by Ruth Ribicoff. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans. 
A.C. Chievo Verona, Verona, Italy, has 39371 members and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season. 
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club and is a member of the club Cararese Calcio. 
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and Bari 1908. He is a manager of A.C. Lumezzane. 
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis is the leader. The language spoken in Greece is Greek. 
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and it has 5300 members. It was played in the 2014 season and played in Italy. 
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl and it has 5300 members. It was played in the 2014 season and played in Stadio Pietro Barbetti. 
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and has 19238 members. It was played in the 2014-15 Serie B season and played in Stadio Armando Picchi. 
A.S. Roma has 70634 members and played in the Serie A season in the 2014-15 season. It has their ground in Rome and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. 
AZAL PFK is located in Azerbaijan, where Qarabağ FK are the champions. The AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan. 
AZAL PFK, who have 3500 members, play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabağ FK are the champions. 
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar which is managed by Robert Eenhoorn and plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş. He is a member of the AFC Ajax club and is also a member of the Istanbulspor A.Ş. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a league in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is champions of Vila Nova Futebol Clube. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. It was played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which has Vila Nova Futebol Clube as its champions. 
The Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members, plays in the 2011 PDL season and managed by Denzil Antonio. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. The league is champions of K-W United FC. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome. Italian is the language spoken in Italy. 
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome. Italian is the official language of Italy. 
A.S. Roma is a league in Serie A which has the full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and the ground is Stadio Olimpico. The champions of the Serie A are Juventus FC. 
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, in the city of Mendrisio. The dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Belgabaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and 700 postgraduate students. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader and the capital is Bucharest. The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students and 16,000 students. It has a staff size of 737. 
The book, written in English, was written by David Weber and was written in the book, The book, which was followed by the Ring of Fire II, which is written in English. 
The book,1634: The Ram Rebellion, was written by Virginia DeMarce, has 512 pages and ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins and is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins. The capital of the country is London. 
The book A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173. It is published in print and has the ISBN number 0-673-50633-6. 
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press and was published by Viking Press. It was followed by The Secret Scripture and was followed by Annie Dunne. 
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the OCLC number 0-374-26131-8. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. 
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number of318875413 and the ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2. 
The Addiction Journal, which has the ISSN number 1360-0443, has the ISSN number of 1360-0443 and the LCCN number 93645978. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornelell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and is from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an academic discipline of Mathematics and has an ISSN number of 1080-6377. It has an ISSN number of 1080-6377. 
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It has the ISSN number 1080-6377. 
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Severed Wasp was written in Great Britain in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The AIDS journal is published by Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins and is published by the book Lipppincott Williams & Wilkins. The leader of the country is David Cameron. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is spoken in Great Britain. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is English. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is led by Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States. It has a runway length of 2194.0. 
The Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas and has a runway length of 2194.0. It is located 546 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier KABI. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. It is located at 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4349.0. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Awadh. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG. 
The native name of the Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station and is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Awadh. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh. 
The United States Air Force, which deploy Al Asad Airbase, has a fighter aircraft called the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. The United States Air Force was involved in the invasion of Panama and their aircraft fighters include the Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. 
The United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War, has a fighter aircraft called Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. The United States Air Force has a fighter aircraft called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. 
The United States Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Grenada. The United States Air Force was involved in the Battle of the Korean War and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft. 
The United States Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. The United States Air Force was involved in the Battle of Grenada and the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft. 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located inPunjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport is located inPunjab, Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan. 
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located inPunjab, Pakistan. The airport is located inPunjab, Pakistan. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews, Texas. It has a runway length of 894 and is 973.0 above sea level. The airport has a runway name 11/29 and a length of 894. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston. The largest city is Houston. 
The city of Luanda is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, in the country of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and is served by the city of Luanda. 
The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, in the country ofAngola. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and is 159 metres above sea level. 
The Flemish Region of Mobility and Public Works is the owner of the Antwerp International Airport which is located at 12 metres above sea level and operated by the Flemish Region. It is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. 
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, part of Menasha, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. It is served by Appleton International Airport. 
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport, which is located at 34.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. It is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has a surface type of Poaceae and a length of 1411.0. 
The Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. The runway name is 12R/30L and it is 2989.0 long. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for the Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway length of 1873.0 and a ICAO location identifier of KACY. It is 23.0 above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier KACY. 
The city of Antwerp is served by the city of Antwerp, which is led by Charles Michel and Charles Michel. The country is led by Charles Michel and the German language is spoken. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23.0 metres above sea level. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain, Spain. It is located at 610.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 3500. 
Aaron Bertram is a performer of the band Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the band Kids Imagine Nation. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Kids Imagine Nation. 
Aaron Deer is a solo singer from the United States and is a solo singer. He is associated with Wee Giant and Wee Giant. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is associated with Mamiffer and Mamiffer. He is associated with the band House of Low Culture. Death metal is a fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who is associated with the band Greymachine and Greymachine. He performs electric guitar and is associated with the band Greymachine. Death metal is a fusion of black metal. 
Aaron Turner, who started his career in 1995, is associated with the band Twilight and the band Lotus Eaters. He is a singer of the band Lotus Eaters. 
Abradab, which was started in 1994, is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and the Magik rapper. It is associated with the band Kaliber 44. 
The solo singer Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Sweden. He was a solo singer. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara and the language is Spanish. The country is led by Juan Afara. 
The musical genre of the rhythm and blues, which has its origins in blues, is disco. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The rhythm and blues musician, Ahmed Ertegun, was born in 1923 in Washington DC. He is a non performing personnel. 
Alan Frew is a solo singer who performs rock music, which has its origins in the country music and the fusion genre of Bhangra. 
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Canada and served as a solo singer. He was born in Coatbridge and graduated from Newmarket, Ontario. 
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and started performing in 2006. He is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, where the Labour Party is the leader and the Labour Party is the leader. He died in Sidcup. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba and is signed to the record label RCA Records. He is associated with the musical artist Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Pena Moraes. 
Alison O'Donnell, who started performing in 1963, is associated with the band Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. He is associated with the band Mellow Candle and Mellow Candle. 
Born in 1989, he is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is associated with the band Tab Benoit and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. 
The guitarist, and guitarist, Anders Osborne, is a guitarist. He is signed to Okeh Records and is signed to the band Johnny Sansone. Bhangra is a fusion of rock music. 
The singer, who was born in Romania, was a solo singer. He is a rhythm and blues singer. 
The singer, who was born in Câmpia Turzii, was a solo singer. He was born in 1986 in Câmpia Turzii. 
Andrew Rayel, who was born in Chisinau, Moldova, started his career in 2009. He is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns. 
Andrew White, who started his career in 2003, is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and Polydor Records. He is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records. 
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artist, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. 
The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music, which has its origins in Disco and Disco. It is a derivative of Hip hop music. Drum and bass is derivative of hip hop music. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara and the language is Spanish. He died in Paraguay. 
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Gran Asunción, in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader. The ethnic group of Paraguay is the Matricizo. 
The musical fusion of rock music is Bhangra music and he is a member of the band NRBQ. Rock music has its origins in the country and the blues music. 
The musical genre of the band Twilight is black metal and he is associated with the band House of Low Culture. Death metal is a fusion of black metal. 
The leader of Montevideo is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez is a politician. Montevideo is located in Uruguay, where the language is Spanish. 
The leader of Montevideo is Tabaré Vázquez and the leader is Tabaré Vázquez. Montevideo is located in Uruguay, where the people are called Uruguayans. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was a US national who was a crew member of the Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died on 21 July 1998 in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a crew member of the Apollo 14 crew. 
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA and spent 100305.0 minutes in space. He was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was a crew member of NASA. David Scott was a commander. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. The president of the University is Gregory L Fenves. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on February 28th 1966. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas system. He was a student at the Big 12 Conference. The University of Texas is affiliated with the University of Texas System. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas system. He was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. 
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 which was a crew member of Frank Borman. He was a crew member of the Apollo 8 which was a backup pilot and Buzz Aldrin. 
Akeem Dent was formerly a member of the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston. He was a member of the Houston Texans who are owned by Arthur Blank. 
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor and is managed by Amar Osim. He plays for the Qatar Stars League and is located in Al Khor. 
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was born in Russia, plays for the Soviet Union national football team and the club is FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valerery Petrakov. He was a member of the Soviet Union national football team. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow. He is a member of the club FC Terek Grozny which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. 
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the club U.C. Sampdoria. He is a member of the Serie A club and the manager is Siniša Mihajlović. 
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for the Italian national under 17 football team, plays for the club U.C. Sampdoria and the manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. He is currently a member of the Italian national under 17 football team. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow. He is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club and he is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. 
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. club, which is located in Palo Seco and is managed by Gábor Kubatov. He is a member of the United Petrotrin FC which is located in Palo Seco. 
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly a member of the Los Angeles Rams, was a member of the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and he also played for the Los Angeles Rams who are based in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Mike Mularkey is the coach of the Los Angeles Rams. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II. The capital is London and the currency is the Pounds sterling. 
250 Delaware Avenue was completed in January 2014 and has 12 floors and a cost of 110 million dollars. It is located in Buffalo, New York. 
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is the leader and has 60 floors. 
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of the country is Dáil Éireann and the leader is Dáil Éireann. 
The Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka and is located in St.Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1927 and has Tudor and Jacabian as architectural style. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the Sri Lankan rupee is the currency. The country is where the Sri Lankan rupee is the currency. 
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. 
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Taro Asō and the ethnic group is the Japanese people. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where Narendra Modi is the leader and the leader is Narendra Modi. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where T S Thakur is the leader and the governing Assembly is the title of theGujarat Legislative Assembly. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the state of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader is Austin Fernando. The Hospital has 476 beds. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. He has significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Hearst Castle. 
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. He has significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco and Hearst Castle. 
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, built in 1913, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has the reference number 87000823. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, were built in 1904 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street in Manhattan. The architectural style of the Romanesque Revival architecture was designed in 1904. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. The leader of New York City is Gale Brewer. 
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, which is led by Andrew Mitchell and has the postcode area of 103 Colmore Row. The postcode area is the B postcode area. 
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn. The city is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is John Roberts and the language is English. The leader of the United States is John Roberts. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is Joe Biden and the English language is spoken. The leader of the United States is Joe Biden. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The epoch date for (66063) 1998 RO1 is on 2013-11-04 and has an orbital period of 36029 days. It has an apoapsis of 2549570.60815 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. 
The epoch date for (66391) 1999 KW4 is on 14th July 2004 and has an orbital period of 16244700.0. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 km and its escape velocity is 0. 
The discoverer of 101 Helena was James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin on August 15,1868. He graduated from the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
The discoverer of 101 Helena was James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin and attended the University of Michigan. He died from perionitis. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from the University of Gottingen and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from the University of Gottingen and Halton Arp. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen. 
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres. 
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla, was discovered on 17 November 1868. He died in Chennai. 
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres. 
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. It has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec and an apoapsis of511592000.0 km. 
The epoch date of 10 Hygiea is 27 June 2015 and it has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. 
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. It has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. 
Abilene is part of Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas, where the capital is Austin. 
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is where the language spoken is English. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of New Mexico and has a total area of 488.2 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 507,575. 
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol and is located at the United States Capitol. Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim, California. The language spoken in California is Spanish. 
The leader of the United States is the Democratic Party, which has its headquarters in Washington DC. Indiana is part of Indiana, which is part of Indiana. 
The population density of the city of Anderson, Indiana is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. 
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which is part of San Francisco Bay Area. The country is where Chinese is spoken. 
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The county seat is Opelika and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. The county seat is Georgetown. 
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Houston. The county seat is Georgetown and the Spanish language is spoken. 
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the largest city is Anderson. The city of Indiana is located in the state of Indiana, United States. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where English is spoken. The state is the location of Arlington, which is part of Tarrant County, Texas. 
The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Fort Worth. Houston is the largest city in Texas. 
Houston is the largest city in Texas, which is in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin. 
Albanny is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. The leader of the United States is the Mayor. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The United States is home to Americans and the capital city is Washington DC. The country is home to the Americans and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States. The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The leader of the United States is the President and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. The country is led by the President and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The country of Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The country of Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is the location of Albany. 
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. The county seat is Opelika and the Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
The country of Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where the language is English and the leader is Barack Obama. The country is led by the Albuquerque City Council and the leader is Barack Obama. 
The United States is home to the Americans and the language spoken is English. The country is where the people are an ethnic group and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The leader of the United States is the President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. The country is led by the President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States, where the capital is Olympia and the capital is Olympia. The capital of Washington is Washington. 
The BBC broadcast bananaman, which was first aired on 3rd April 1983 and was created by John Geering. It was first aired on 15th April 1986 and was broadcast by BBC. 
The American Duncan Rouleau, who was a American, was created by Steven T Seagle and Steven T Seagle. The film is a character of Big Hero 6, which stars Scott Adsit. 
Chinabank was founded on August 16th 1920 inManila. It has 295 locations and a net income of 15100000000. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in the mass media industry and is located in the GMA Network Center. The company was founded on January 1,2000. 
Hypermarcas is a cosmetics company founded on 01-01-1901. It is a company which makes cosmetics. It is a company which has a population density of 23,8. 
Trane, a subsidiary company, was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin in the country of Europe. It has 29,000 employees and is located in Ireland. 
Trane, a subsidiary of building management systems, is located in Swords, Dublin and has a net income of $556,300,000. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain and is a traditional name of Ajo blanco. It contains bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. 
Amatriciana sauce is a Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. It is a dish from the Lazio region and it includes the main ingredients:tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil. 
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader and the Indonesian rupiah is the currency. The country is led by JOKO Widodo. 
The country of Arrabbiata sauce is a country of Italy where Italians are spoken and the capital is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella. 
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community, which is led by Ximo Puig and Felipe VI of Spain. The country is home to the Spaniards and the leader of the country is Felipe VI. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. The country is also where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. It includes squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. 
The main ingredient of the dish Ayam penyet is fried chicken, which is from Indonesia. It is a dish from Malaysia, where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. 
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia, Indonesia. It is a dish from Malaysia, where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington D.C. White Americans are an ethnic group. The country is led by Barack Obama and the language is English. 
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is the leader and Washington D.C. is the capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong, where the leader is Gérard Larcher and the leader is Gérard Larcher. The country is where French is spoken. 
The ingredient of the dish Bandeja paisa is lemon, a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It is a traditional dish from the rutaceae family and is a member of the Rosids family. 
Barny cakes are served in France where French is the language and Claude Bartolone is the leader. The country is led by Claude Bartolone and Claude Bartolone is the leader. 
Barny cakes were created by the Mondelez International in Chicago. The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and the French language is spoken. 
Bhajji is a dish from the country of India, where the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader. The country is led by Sumitra Mahajan and Sumitra Mahajan. 
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is a dessert which comes from the Visayas region. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. The dish is served as a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language is Spanish. The dish is served as a dessert. 
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it is a dessert. 
The dish Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, which is popular in the neighboring Southeast Asian countries. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the language is Indonesian. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta. 
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini is the leader. The country is home to Italians and the leader is Pietro Grasso. 
The dish Ayam penyet is a dish from the country of Java where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is English. The country is led by Halimah Yacob. 
The country of Java is known as Ayam penyet, which is a dish from Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is Standard Chinese. The country is led by Halimah Yacob. 
The Ilocano people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where the official language is Philippine English and the Ilocano people are one of the ethnic groups. The country is also where the Ilocano people are one of the ethnic groups. 
The dish Bbeef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Halmah Yacob and Halmah Yacob. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and Susana Diaz is the leader. The country is led by Felipe VI and the leader is Felipe VI. 
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and the Euro is the currency. The country is led by Felipe VI and the country is home to Spaniards. 
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, has a 32.2 beam and a top speed of 38.846 km/s. It is operated by theAIDA Cruises and has a top speed of 38.846 km. 
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which was built on May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine. 
The American Motors Matador is a mid-size car which is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It is a station wagon with a AMC V8 engine. 
The Alhambra is owned by the company, the company, built by the Samuda Brothers. It is 63800.0 millimetres long and is 63800.0 millimetres long. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and was final flight on the 18th of September 2013. 
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport and Vandenberg Air Force Base. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Vandenberg Air Force Base. 
The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Airbus Defence and Space, which was launched from the runway on August 11th, 2009. It was launched from the Guina Space Centre and was launched from the runway on August 11th, 2009. 
The European Space Agency manufactures the Ariane 5 which was launched from the ELA-3 launch site and was completed on the 27th of February 2003. It was launched from the ELA-3 launch site. 
The Aston Martin V8, which was assembled in the United Kingdom, was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage, which is related to the Aston Martin DBS. The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II. 
The Atlas II was a US national and was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It was completed on March 16th 1998 and was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base. 
The Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels, Belgium and has a 1.2 litre engine. It has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout and front wheel drive layout. 
The AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and is owned by AIDA Cruises. The company was founded in Illinois and is located in Illinois. Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in the company. 
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere, which is located in Genoa. It is owned by the Carnival Corporation & plc and is operated by the company Carnival Corporation & plc. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Minotaur IV rocket. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base. It was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Minotaur IV rocket. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Rostock is Joachim Gauck and the capital is Berlin. 
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, who is in Rostock, Germany. The leader of the country is Stanislaw Tillich. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It was comparable to the Delta II, which originated from the United States. 
The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the Star Spangled Banner is the anthem. The country originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality ofGettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is to the southeast of Cumberland County and to the southeast of Cumberland County, Maryland. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the Prime Minister is Prime Minister and the capital is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. It is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is located in Azerbaijan. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where Prime Minister is the Prime Minister. It is made of red granite and white marble and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
Adenan Satem was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and he was Vice President. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was succeeded by Oladipo Diya. 
American American, Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare party. He was a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare party. 
American American, Abraham A. Ribicoff, was born in Chicago and died in the United States. He was a native American. 
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He was a member of the Parliament for Gravesham and his alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge. He graduated from Cambridge. 
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. He was a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. 
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and worked for the Parliamentary group leader, Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. He worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Mark Rutte are leaders. The country's leader is Mark Rutte and the colour is red. 
Albert B White was born in Marytta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland. 
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina, where the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is Gabriela Michetti. Argentina is the country's language spoken in Argentina. 
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina, where the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. The country is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. 
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20,1891. He was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. 
Alvah Sabin, who started his career on March 4,1853, was born in Sycamore, Illinois and started his career on March 4th,1853. He was a member of the 3rd Congressional District in Vermont, which has Burlington as its largest city. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. He was a member of the 3rd Congressional District and was a member of the state's 3rd Congressional District. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and was a member of the United States Whig Party which is led by Henry Clay. He was born in Sycamore, Illinois. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and was a member of the United States Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster. He was a member of the United States Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and he was Prime Minister,Konstantinos Mitsotakis and was Prime Minister. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis. 
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and he was born in Imst, Austria. He died in Graz, Austria. 
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands. 
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC. He is a member of the club Chesterfield FC. Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool. 
The manager of the club, AEK Athens F.C., is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC. He plays for Chelsea FC. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Alagoas, Brazil and is based in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. The champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, located in Arapiraca, Brazil. It is based in the Vila Nova Futebol Clube. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, Brazil. It has 17000 members and the Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. The dean is Mario Botta. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The state is to the west of Telangana and the Arabian Sea is to the west. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The city is founded by Kempe Gowda I. The country is to the west of the Arabian Sea. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital is Bucharest. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 students and 16,000 students. 
The book A Long Long Way is published by Faber and Faber in Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group. The book is published by Faber and Faber. 
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber and is published by Faber and Faber. It was written in Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group. 
The novel, Above the Veil, was followed by The Violet Keystone and the novel, which is based in the novel, which is based in the country of Australia. 
The publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly is Cornell Big Red. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. 
The publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly is Cornell Big Red. It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama and English is spoken in Great Britain. The country is led by Bararack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Severed Wasp was written in Great Britain, the capital of the United States is Washington DC and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is the location of A Severed Wasp. 
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. The country is led by Joe Biden and African Americans are an ethnic group. 
The country of the United Kingdom is the location of the AIDS journal. The leader of the country is David Cameron and Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom. The capital of the country is London. 
The AIDS journal is published by the book, published by the book, published by the book, published by the book, published by the book, published by the book, Wolters Kluwer and the parent company of Wolters Kluwer. The leader of the country is Elizabeth II. 
The country of A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language is English. The country is led by Bararack Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was a US national who was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commandered by David Scott. He was a member of the Apollo 12 crew. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 and retired on 1 August 1974. He was a crew member of NASA. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon. He was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon. He died on 21 July 1998 in California. 
Buzz Aldrin, who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. 
Budding Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11. 
Budding Aldrin, who was selected by NASA in 1963, was a fighter pilot and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 which was backup pilot by William Anders. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Dallas on 28 February 1966. He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was born on 23rd July 1927. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and retired on September 1st 1969. He was a fighter pilot and graduated from AFIT in 1962. 
Hypermarcas is a corporation which is a subsidiary of Pharmaceuticals. It was founded on 01-01-1901. It is a subsidiary of the company, which makes drugs. The company is located in Brazil. 
Trane was founded on the 1st of January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has 29,000 employees and a revenue of $875,400,000. It was founded on the 1st of January 1913. 
The bronze Ataturk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. The capital is Ankara and the bronze monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. 
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister and the former leader is Artur Rasizade. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It is owned by the National Park Service. The monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It is owned by the National Park Service. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It was established in 2000 and is located in Bangalore. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in India and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the Institute is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Arabian Sea to its west. The sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Belgabaum, which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgabaum. The sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis and the capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the Germans are one of the ethnic groups in Romania. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 students and 16,000 students. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. He was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. in 1955. He was a test pilot and served as a test pilot. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was a commander of David Scott. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a crew member of Apollo 14. He died in California. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was a test pilot. He was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He was a US national. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Buzz Aldrin, was a fighter pilot and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. 
Born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, American, Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He was a crew member of NASA. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. 
Budding Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. 
Budding Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 which was backup pilot William Anders. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He was a test pilot. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and retired on September 1st 1969. He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1st 1969. 
Hypermarcas is a healthcare company which is located in Sao Paulo and has a net income of $100,000,000. It is located in Sao Paulo and has a subsidiary of MANTEcorp. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg in the United States. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County. 
The Baku National Assembly is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, which is located in Azerbaijan. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku. The memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the Institute is B M Reddy. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The president of the Institute is B M Reddy. 
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala. The city is located in the state of Kerala. Ganges is to its northwest. 
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania, where the Prime Minister is Prime Minister and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! Romania is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's capital is Bucharest and the Germans are one of the ethnic groups in Romania. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. 
